Normally, I do not do reviews of an establishment unless the rating is exceptionally great or exceptionally bad.  If I had not felt sucker punched and mugged after I left Mr. Hoagie, I would not be writing this bad review.  On my first and last trip there, I paid $24.59 for two whole hoagies.    1) The Italian (ordered because the woman (she) working there told me it was their most popular hoagie) I ordered with lettuce and onions (no tomato, italian dressing which all come free with the hoagie).  I had to pay $1 to add cheese to the hoagie.  Because I was traveling and would not be eating the hoagie right away, I asked for the italian on the side.  She told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side.  I passed on that on principle.  Are you kidding me?  I just saved her money by declining the tomato.  I was not going to pay for the dressing on the side.  At this point, I am certain something is not right and this place appears to me to be in financial trouble.  That pales in comparison to what happened next.  I opened the hoagie and there were three microscopically thin slices of meat on this hoagie.  Ham, salami, and bologna.  Bologna!?!?!?!?    Who in the hell puts disgusting bologna on an Italian hoagie?  That disqualifies that hoagie as an Italian.  The red flags indicating this place is in financial trouble are blinding my view.  One area of this hoagie only had one slice of bologna, no ham and no salami.  2)  The Steak hoagie came with nothing on it but lettuce, tomato, onions, and dressing.  I ordered it without lettuce, tomato, onions, or dressing.  I asked for mayo on the side.  I had to pay for that so I declined.  Are you kidding me?  I just saved them money by passing on the lettuce, tomato, fresh onions, and dressing!  I paid $3 to add sautéed mushrooms, onions, and cheese.  Here we go again.  Canned mushrooms that were not even cooked through (were still cold) and onions that were still crunchy/undercooked.  News flash:  you need to serve fresh mushrooms that have been sautéed (canned mushrooms are another sign this place is in financial trouble).  I literally had to open the hoagie to find the steak because I could not taste or see it.  The hoagie was 50% mushrooms, 30%onions, 10% cheese and 10% steak.  I could have personally made 10 whole hoagies with substantial quality ingredients and toppings for the $24.59 I paid for these two whole hoagies.  I intentionally patronize non-chain restaurants to support small businesses.  In this case, Never. Again.  (The hoagie bun was better than average.)  Wake up or you are going to lose your business.
Wing sauce is like water. Pretty much a lot of butter and some hot sauce (franks red hot maybe).  The whole wings are good size and crispy, but for $1 a wing the sauce could be better. The hot and extra hot are about the same flavor/heat.  The fish sandwich is good and is a large portion, sides are decent.
Owning a driving range inside the city limits is like a license to print money.  I don't think I ask much out of a driving range.  Decent mats, clean balls and accessible hours.  Hell you need even less people now with the advent of the machine that doles out the balls.  This place has none of them.  It is april and there are no grass tees yet.  BTW they opened for the season this week although it has been golfing weather for a month.  The mats look like the carpet at my 107 year old aunt Irene's house.  Worn and thread bare.  Let's talk about the hours.  This place is equipped with lights yet they only sell buckets of balls until 730.  It is still light out.  Finally lets you have the pit to hit into.  When I arrived I wasn't sure if this was a driving range or an excavation site for a mastodon or a strip mining operation.  There is no grass on the range. Just mud.  Makes it a good tool to figure out how far you actually are hitting the ball.  Oh, they are cash only also.  Bottom line, this place sucks.  The best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in Pittsburgh.
This place is absolute garbage...  Half of the tees are not available, including all the grass tees.  It is cash only, and they sell the last bucket at 8, despite having lights.  And if you finish even a minute after 8, don't plan on getting a drink.  The vending machines are sold out (of course) and they sell drinks inside, but close the drawers at 8 on the dot.  There are weeds grown all over the place.  I noticed some sort of batting cage, but it looks like those are out of order as well.  Someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be.
Used to go there for tires, brakes, etc.  Their prices have gone way up-$400 for 4 mid-level tires for a Toyota.  Plus, 1 of the new tires went flat within 3 weeks.  Since they don"t make appointments,  the wait to get the tire looked at was ~2 hours.  Sorry--can't wait that long to get a warranted repair,  They lost my business for good.
I got 'new' tires from them and within two weeks got a flat. I took my car to a local mechanic to see if i could get the hole patched, but they said the reason I had a flat was because the previous patch had blown - WAIT, WHAT? I just got the tire and never needed to have it patched? This was supposed to be a new tire.  I took the tire over to Flynn's and they told me that someone punctured my tire, then tried to patch it. So there are resentful tire slashers? I find that very unlikely. After arguing with the guy and telling him that his logic was far fetched he said he'd give me a new tire "this time".  I will never go back to Flynn's b/c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me a used tire!
Terrible. Preordered my tires and when I arrived they couldn't find the order anywhere. Once we got through that process I waited over 2 hours for them to be put on... I was originally told it would take 30 mins. Slow, over priced, I'll go elsewhere next time.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They "fixed" it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the "manager" didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Don't waste your time.  We had two different people come to our house to give us estimates for a deck (one of them the OWNER).  Both times, we never heard from them.  Not a call, not the estimate, nothing.
I can;t believe this place has a high rating. I had a bichon, who was seen here since his puppyhood and who was dying. I called to make an appointment to have him put down because he was in great pain. The receptionist would not give me an appointment until one week later, even though she could hear him crying out in pain. Anyway, he died in agony before his appointment. This was in 2010 and I have not taken my subsequent pets to the clinic.
Three months ago I brought my 13 yr old golden retriever to this clinic for an ear problem. It was diagnosed and treated.  Shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like.  I watched her for a couple hours do this and then called the vet to see if maybe she was having an allergic reaction to the medicine they gave her.  She was very uncomfortable.  I asked if they though she needed to come back to the office.  The dr told me that it sounded like she was overheated and to put cold towels on her.  I told him that I didn't think that was the problem because she hadn't been out.  At this point they were open and would be for another hour.   Two hours later I was at a vet hospital with them telling me she is suffering from a heart problem and that they really couldn't do anything for her.  WHAT?!?!  So I found myself having to put her down.  Fast forward to now.  I have a 14 wk puppy that has blood in its stool. They have not seen her yet. I bring in a sample.  Wait 24 hrs.  They leave a message that it's positive and to call for an appt.  I call. She has to wait 4 days to be seen.  WHAT?!?!?   Obviously my pups are out of there for good!  Thanks Greentree for caring for my animals...  Absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vets!!
This place went from great to horrible. First visit was for a flat tire and recommended. Absolutely no problems. Now when I needed my car inspected in June, they put SNOW TIRES on my car. NOISY snow tires in the summer! I told them I didn't want these tires and they told me I would have to come back the next day and talk to the owner. When I went back the owner told me they weren't snow tires. The tires were called BLIZZARDS! I told him they are too noisy. He told me to come back another day. I tried and tried but he NEVER had the time. Very rude and once they get paid have no ethics.
Never go to Rossi Tailoring and Dry Cleaners 393 Vanadium Road Pittsburgh, PA 15243. I decided to use a local business to do my dry cleaning. I dropped off 3 shirts at this establishment just before Thanksgiving. It is now late January. I have stopped by more than a half dozen times and have been given only ONE of the shirts. They have offered $20 a shirt for the shirts they lost. Those shirts are worth at least $50 each, and I refuse to take under $30 for each. I am tired of the run around, tired of promised phone calls that never happen (they have NEVER called me).  I wouldn't use their services again if you paid me to.
Station is closed.  Sign is blank and all fixtures from the store have been removed.
This place is dirty and smells food is reely bad I took it home and feed it to the dog. Hope he don't get sick from the food like I did.
Used to love this place. People are nice and friendly.  Excellent food great pancakes Only stopped going after finding a roach in my potatoes   It's a shame the place was one of my favorites.  Bit can't go back after that experience
My husband and I used to go to Gab and eat all of the time, and would always take out of towners here.  That last time we went we did something we've never done before and that was walk out!  My omelet was not cooked and it was runny, I asked for cheddar cheese and got american, my husband ordered a medium rare hamburger and got a burnt paper thin patty.  When we told the waitress she sent the cook over and he gave us attitude and was a total jerk.  He wanted to put my omelet in the microwave.  If I wanted a microwave omelet I would have gone to burger king.
I would give this a solid one star. Let me tell you about my experience... I walk in to a nasty glare by one of the waitresses before seating myself at a table covered in advertisements and a woman throwing menus at us before walking away. The waitress was a sweet old woman. She was nice, but hard of hearing and unattentive. Here's what I ordered: Two egg whites scrambled, links, Italian toast, and a half order of home fries. Here's what I got: Two scrambled whole eggs, Italian toast, and home fries. I addressed the missing links with the waitress and she asked me if I still wanted them. I was starved by this point and said yes. I heard her to go the chef and ask for them, to which the woman behind the grill screamed, "For what? Do you have the slip? Where is it? Where does it say links?" in a considerably nasty tone. The eggs were mediocre, the home fries were unevenly cooked (mostly uncooked potato chunks, some practically ash), the links were so tasteless I stopped eating them as soon as I recognized I was full, but the toast was lovely. The prices are ok, but I'd prefer a college student's hungover cooking to coming back here.  Update: 30 minutes after leaving I got a vicious headache. 500 milligrams of acetaminophen later, my headache has gotten worse, new unpleasant symptoms have come along, and I may have contracted food poisoning.  Update 2: I have food poisoning. 100% definitely food poisoning. I haven't eaten anything but pretzel rods and nutrition bars before breakfast here since 1pm the day before. I obviously haven't eaten since. There's actually no other place I could have contracted it.
Trash.  If you've got time to explain to me for 2 minutes why you're too busy to take a to-go order, you've got time to write down my order and start making it.    Guess who wasn't too busy, Carnegie Coffee Company down the street.
Best I can say is that it's ok. Very small and compact. I went with my one and a half year old daughter and the booths are so crammed in that there is no room for high chairs (pretty sure they don't even have high chairs). They did have booster seats, but it was not ideal.  Food was ok. Nothing special. I had sausage and cheese omlette and got a pancake for my daughter. Again, just ok.  It was hot in there and I don't think they have AC. There was a fan in front, but that did little for us who where sitting in the back.  This place is cash only. I didn't see anything on my way in stating that, but I could have missed it. It doesn't say Cash Only anywhere inside or on the menu either. There is an ATM, but it has a $2 charge to use. Can't believe a place in 2016 doesn't take cards.  Probably won't ever go back since there are similar breakfast places closer to where I live that are more kid friendly, have better food and AC and accept more than just cash.
Thomas Darby I will never stay at this Extended Stay America due to the fact that we were there in October, 2015 and had an awful stay! Room was only cleaned one time after asking three times when it would be cleaned. There was absolutely nothing in the supposedly full kitchen, 2 wash clothes, 2 hand towels and 2 towels. We had to take used wash clothes and towels to front desk every day to receive fresh ones. The toilet ran over and the heater didn't work until we decided to leave. We were over charged after booking through Hotels.com and had to put up a $100.00 deposit. For what? Never again will we stay there!!!!!
If I could give this place less than one star, I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy, the place reeked of smoke, and the bartender/server was surly, to put it mildly. We went there on a Saturday night with a mind to try the Irish food. Apparently, we were out of luck. I've always thought that the secrets of restaurant success is to actually stock food for people to eat. He told us before we ordered that they had no "pies". No chicken pot pie, no shepherds pie, etc. So, we gamely tried to order other things. We placed our order. My wife, for example, ordered the Irish stew and he came back 5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party. At that point my wife picked out a third option, ham and cabbage, only to be told again that "they were out". At that point, realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus, we asked to pay for our drinks and left. They actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on a debit card. In short, unless you like your dinner with a side of disappointment and depression, I'd probably avoid this place like the plague. Speaking of the plague, I suppose we should thank Mr. Surly for inspiring us to walk out. I only have two bathrooms at my house and would've been hard pressed to accommodate several violently ill people at once.
The delivery driver mistakenly rang my doorbell, having confused 133 and 113.  Rather than taking a step back and analyzing the situation, he begins to accuse my wife and I of ordering and refusing to pay for this pizza.  The driver then gets on his cell phone and rather than calling the number than was given when the order was placed, begins to call his bosses and starts threatening me with felony charges.   So I take the initiative and ask the fine upstanding gentleman what the phone number of the order-er was, phone my neighbor and discover the mistake. Rather than a thank you or a sorry, he just speeds off (breaking the speed limit on our block) to reach his destination 50 feet away.  I would call to complain, but based on the other reviews, its clear the owners do not care about Carnegie or it's residents, and its pretty well known around town just how awful their food is, so it would be pointless to boycott a place I'd never order from again anyway.  Do yourself a favor and order from ANY other establishment in town.
Some of the worst pizza I've ever had.  We used a coupon from the paper for a 2 topping 8 cut Sicilian. First of all the pizza wasn't even cut through, and the sad attempt at cutting was so uneven that 4 of the slices were about an inch wide, while the others were about 4" each. The toppings were scarce, they used mini pepperoni and put maybe 8 on the whole pizza. The onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can. The worst part though was the thick doughy crust that tasted more like a fishy sourdough roll. I'm serious... It was so noticeable that it made me wonder if the dough was bad or if they for some weird reason put fish sauce in it. It was gross.   We also ordered steak and Italian hoagies. The veggies were old and wilted, and there was no dressing on either. The Italian had deli meat that was clearly bottom of the line and not very generous. The "steak" (if you an call it that) was greyish instead of brown and looked like it was a processed meat chopped into pieces. No flavor or seasoning and the texture was reminiscent of spam. It was so bad that I only ate 1/4 of it and tossed the rest.   I have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed. I thought I would give them another try since I'd never ordered a Sicilian pizza from there. What a mistake. I will never order from them again!
I have taken things here before and loved how "reasonably priced" they are. My most resent experience here was so horrible my family and I will never go back. The business is not run the way it has been in the past.  I took a dress that needed taken in in the back and around the neck. When I went to pick it up it was not even ready then to find out the next day that I was being charged $60. My family and I have been coming here for a few years and never ever spent anything even remotely close to $60 worth on alterations. My mom came down to pick up two things right before and and her total was $25... Not only are the prices extremely inconsistent when I finally got the dress the neck was still way too loose and the zipper didn't go up all the way I had to pin the dress myself and wear it with safety pins to a wedding. I was not able to get my money back because apparently "it wasn't his fault" and he told me not to worry about it. This is probably the worst business in Carnegie.    Is it possible to give zero stars?
By far the worst most unprofessional dentist I have ever experienced her staff is too busy watching soap operas on all the TVs in each room instead of cleaning and she gave me a filling which was too deep which could have been understandable as her son had his pictures delivered from Hawaii and she had to stop 3 times to pay for them and show her whole staff all of them must be nice to have a 14 year old go to Hawaii on her moms dime and have her patience wait to see all of this happen I had to have oral surgery and have the tooth removed because she put the filling in too deep an abscessed tooth was the result I wouldn't recommend her to an ex girlfriend or someone I hate because of the three months of extreme tooth pain I had to deal with because of her lack of care and follow through even after I called and asked them for advice and follow up they simply could care less and did not even offer to reschedule an appointment other than prescribing me vicodin and antibiotics do not recommend and do not go to her license should be pulled!!
In all fairness - I did not see this dentist but did schedule an appointment and waited 15 minutes for them to open.  When I look at Yelp reviews, I usually weed out the outliers (the best and the worst).   Unfortunately, there are only two reviews.  It was my first time at the office.   The office admin (very nice) asked for me to come early (before 9am) to complete paperwork.   I arrived at 8:50.    I waited.   I watched 2 employees walk by me (unlocked the door and re-locked it).    They did not acknowledge me.  The door I was at had signage (open hours).    I decided to leave because of a review where the staff seemed distracted or disinterested in my presence.  The office admin (very nice) called me to inform I am missing my appointment.   I explained to her that there were too many indications where this was not going to be a good fit and wished her the best of luck.  I recommend if you see this dentist you go to the front door (furthest away from the parking lot) for the entrance.  Poor recommendation because the staff who walked by me seemed to be distracted which was pointed out in a previous review.
I've been to this office a good amount of times.  Each time the receptionists give of a vibe of entitlement and it is very uncomfortable.  Dr. Weinberg herself is very nice, but I doubt her ability. Every procedure she has done to my teeth has backfired. The third and last issue I have is that i always paid cash at the end of my visits and somehow I have received an invoice for $55. I called and of course the receptionist was sassy and rude so I gave up. Will never go back or refer anyone else
Take it from me; avoid this place at all cost.  The only time I go is when I am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.  And then after I have been kicking myself.
I use to order here fairly often.  The past 2 years their food has been getting progressively worse every time I order.  It doesn't help that the owner that always is at the register is so rude to me every time.  I finally decided that I'm done.  I don't think I should feel let an inconvenience when ordering food from a restaurant.  Let alone one that the food isn't even that good. Also the inside is dirty as heck.  They can deliver food in a BMW but they can't buy a scrub brush?  I have found Golden Dragon in Collier Square is 100 times better then Don Don.
I took my sick cat here and they charged me $$$$ for blood work and then never called me with results. I had to chase down the results and finally spoke to a different vet than the one who examined my cat. He said my cat "absolutely did not have hyperthyroid". They said my cat's problems were behavioral and were rude and dismissive of my concerns. I finally took my cat to another vet who diagnosed him with hyperthyroidism. I'm trying medication now and I hope the illness hasn't progressed too far. Otherwise I'll have to have him put to sleep. Don't take your cat here.
I'm sorry to give any stars...15 minutes for a cup of coffee, while waitress flitted around...waited another 10 minutes and after 25 minutes of sitting there with the menu closed..I left. Coffee and water untouched. Waitress was too busy telling the customer in the next booth about her daughters almost wedding. Don't waste your time or money at this Denny's. Service is horrible and waitresses are the worst...food usually isn't great..but I can't speak for this visit...25 minutes and no one wanted to take my order. Ps...Kings had a great breakfast that day...service was great...only about 1.5 miles down the road.
This is a gym, that part is true.  But it's not well maintained.  It's dingy and the locker rooms are abysmal, basically unusable.  There's a pretty wide range of equipment, but not enough of it to really go around.  If you're into free weights, that area is larger, but over crowded and very dungeony (personally I go for that, just saying).  The place must have a REALLY conservative owner as well, because all the TVs play FOX News all day long.  If you ask the staff for another channel, they will get around to changing it about half the time, the other half of the time you'll be ignored and forced to watch a bunch of awful talking heads tell you lies the entire time you're trying to run or lift.  Part of the problem is that the owner is cheap and not paying for cable where he can change the channel on the TVs individually.  They are linked to one box only.  The place also lets a whole ton of personal trainers basically do whatever they want.  This means that the area set aside for abdominal exercises, stretching, the rock climbing wall (which I've never once seen turned on or used) is over crowded with a punch of really out of shape people who are mostly carrying on conversations with their incredibly beefy personal trainers, because hey, the trainer is getting paid either way, if you want to waste your time chatting, they don't mind.
I spoke to a man this morning about the ice covered parking lot and sidewalk, as a business is liable to their customers if someone was to slip and fall due to negligence on the business's part. He told me good luck and that I'm liable to just be careful because everywhere is icy. After two years at this gym I'm fed up with the way they treat their customers. He told me he was fed up with me since I gave him a hard time about being out of towels a few weeks ago (which they've had towels since then). They never clean the parking lot in the winter so make sure you wear boots outside and don't crash your car. Aside from that, this gym is well just that a gym. My biggest critic (aside from rude management and negligence) would have to be that they don't encourage sanitization outside of the cardio room. There aren't towels and spray around the weight machines, which I've never had an issue with, but I'd hate to see that happen. I always make sure to at least wipe off my sweat marks from the machine, cause well that'd be pretty nasty. It is pretty large in terms of size and space to do anything aside from the ordinary weights and cardio. The workers well they're mostly young and don't really care too much (the man who told me I was wrong was older and possibly a manager or owner). They tend to not keep on top of the wash with the towels even when it isn't busy, which can be pretty annoying. Their cardio room always has Fox News on two tvs and then the middle TV has sports center on regardless of what else is on tv. They recently haven't even been putting pens games and stuff on. Must be too busy watching the 52 inch screen they have in the lobby for the workers while the cardio room has max 32 in the middle and 24 on the sides probably. If I had to pay full price for my membership I probably wouldn't belong here, but it's through my insurance. That said I don't swipe my card like most people in the front on my own. The machine is behind the counter. One guy always shows me how to do it myself, which was helpful the first time cause people aren't always around the front desk. That said when he is standing behind there chatting I would expect him to do it since it's his job. This gym is nothing state of the art fancy fancy, but do you really need a fancy looking gym? Their cardio room is pretty massive and even at peak hours I've never had a problem getting a treadmill or elliptical. They actually even have two hellix trainers, which aren't super common yet. Sometimes when things go out of order they take a while to fix them. I've run into the owner or manager one time in the bathroom when someone let a sink over floor and asked if I should tell the guys at the desk and she said oh no they're useless. This gym makes a killing from a) classes b) it's convenient and c) their personal training is a separate company (warrior fitness). I've been meaning to sign up for a trainer and I always see them busy. They all seem awesome and very helpful and challenging. Not sure if they have a separate yelp page, but I would say from what I've seen they'd bust your ass for sure!
Terrible service.  Food unremarkable.  Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement.  Saved his tip by discounting meal after I complained.  All and all, a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guests.  Not to be repeated, never again!
Terrible service...terrible food...this place smells like rotten wet wood
The boyfriend and I went about a year ago (early 2012) after recommendations from my sister.  I had the salad - it was iceberg lettuce covered in essentially oil and salt.  It was so disgusting I couldn't eat it.  And Iceberg on an al la carte salad? with nothing else? ugh.  We had an appetizer of the stuffed pepper.  It was not even a hot pepper, and the cold meatball flopped on top was tasteless.  For dinner I had the pesto.  Essentially noodles swimming in green liquid.  Not a ton of flavor there either.  The boyfriend had the lemon chicken.  His broccoli was ROCK HARD - like wood! And the chicken was very dry.  We can make better food than was served.  After what we paid and what we got for it, I don't even care to try it again. All of the good reviews amaze me.
I have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times. I won't go back. The first time we were there almost 3 hours. It took forever to order and then forever for our food to come and the place was empty. When I complained the manager was very rude and tried to blame us for taking to long to order. It made no sense, how could we order when the waitress wasn't coming to the table? After arguing with me he ended up taking $6 off of our $200+ bill. Ridiculous. If it were up to me I would have never returned. Unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight. Again it took a long time to get our food. My food was cold and bland, my kids food was cold. My husbands salmon was burnt to a crisp and my sister in law took one bite of her trout and refused to eat any more because she claims it was so disgusting. The wedding soup and bread were good, but that's it! My drink sat empty throughout my meal and never got refilled even when I asked. Bad food, slow service and rude managers. I'll pass on this place if my family decides to go again. Not worth it at all with all the other good Italian options around.
We stopped at Papa J's last Friday night (8/1) for a round of drinks. There were 7 of us altogether and we had eaten at another restaurant earlier in the evening.  One member of our party walked up to the bar to let them know we were sitting on the couches along the wall, as it was fairly busy that night. In the short time that he was there, a man who was behind the bar looked at him and then turn away without saying a word or notifying anyone else. He then turned to a waitress who had approached the service area of the bar and asked her if  we could have a server take our drink order. She said "yep" and then abruptly turned and walked away. At that point, he asked to see the manager  who came a few minutes later. When my friend told him of what had occurred, the manager said "What do you want me to do"?  My friend said "An apology would be a good start" whereupon the manager looked back at him and said "Get out and don't come back" ???????? Are you kidding????  My friend is well traveled and frequently stays at higher end hotels and dines at quality restaurants. He was not screaming or belligerent in any way, shape, or form; simply informing the manager of what had occurred.   That being said, we left and went back to 131 East, where we had previously eaten. The service there was fabulous, as was the meal and the drinks creative and exquisite.  There are new restaurants that have opened in Carnegie as of late. Papa J's is no longer the only game in town.  Obviously this is the way a simple complaint is handled by management. Appalling!!  Do yourself a favor and frequent any of the other restaurants that are within walking distance of Papa J's. They understand the concept of  customer service.
Food was NOT GOOD at all! My husband & I ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time. I ordered a salad & basil pesto cream pasta & my husband ordered the spinach & feta pasta. The salad was just a huge plate of spring mix (nothing else in it) with WAY to much vinegar dressing. My lettuce was drowning in the vinegar. My pesto pasta had no flavor (did not taste like a cream sauce to me) & the pesto was so runny/watery & way too much sauce not enough noodles. My husband's pasta had even less flavor than mine. We ate about a quarter of the food & couldn't even finish it. We took it home & it was so bad I didn't even eat my leftovers. And I hate wasting food!! Plus the prices are expensive for the amount of food you get & of course the poor quality. Don't waste your time eating here. There are much better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
Well, Papa J's has officially priced itself out of our budget. We ordered 2 salads with gorgonzola and pine nuts and the total was $35.98!!! $18 per salad??!?!? Really?! I was stunned when I saw the bill! It's lettuce, cheese, and pine nuts! $18 / salad?! Totally crazy!
Had dinner with a friend. My friend ordered veal and they brought him sausage. The waitress was extremely rude. He never did get the correct meal. When We talked to the manager, his answer  was .,"well what do you want me to do fire the waitress?" Too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude!
We visited on 11/15 with a party of 15.  While I know a party of 15 can be overwhelming, we did call in advance for reservations. Thus, allowing proper staffing. We arrived early and headed to the bar. The bartender there greeted us quickly and took great care of us. When it was time for our reservation we were seated immediately. That is where the efficiency and service took a turn for the worst. We sat for 20 minutes before a server came to our table. At that point, she said I'll grab you water and bread.  Another 10 minutes go by and members of our party went to the bar to grab drinks as the server vanished (still no water or bread). She finally comes back to the table with bread (no waters) and takes our drink orders (about 40 mins into sitting at the table). Next thing we know, a nice gentleman by the name of Patrick is our NEW server. He really stepped up the service and should be commended. However, we ordered the veal stuffed banana peppers which arrived cold. We also ordered the "incredible white pizza" which was incredibly cold. While Patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible. Not once did the front of house manager come check on us.  This is the second time I've visited and the 2nd time I've been disappointed. Also, I wrote to the restaurant and received no response.
I never write reviews but my New Year's Eve was ruined due to how awful my experience was.   The food was subpar but it was a lost cause by the time we got it. For $50 a person it was terrible. The menu was a small, select menu. I got the shrimp and veal and my veal was dry. But as for the real issue....  Last night for NYE we went for dinner with the intention of going out to celebrate after. we had reservations for 7pm made weeks in advance. We didn't get our food until around 930 and didn't get our check for another hour. We were there for an hour and a half before we even got bread. Everything we asked for was "I'll get it to you in a little bit." I ordered a drink 3 times and never got it. I don't understand because it was not busy at all and they only had a select menu. You'd think they'd have a handle on things. How don't you have salads ready and made in a cooler or bread baskets prepared when reservations were made weeks ago?   Anyway, we all ended up missing our reservations at other events we had planned for after dinner. I'll probably never go back again.
Worst service of all time. 2 hours for a pizza and had to repeat ourselves to the waiter 5 time throughout the night. Then asked for the bill and was given a bill 3 times the amount ours should have been with a bunch of items that should not be on there. Place is a total joke.
The last visit I overlooked the $25 gnocchi special. The reason it bothered me was they tell you the specials but not the prices. Okay, shame on us for not asking. My daughter wanted to try here again for her birthday. So I've decided I'd go against my not go there anymore and appease her.  We've been here 30 minutes and just got our water. Our appetizer has yet to come out. The bread is apparently just as scarce. Hey but we have a full cup of fresh parm cheese.  I ordered the chicken marsala and I was informed there's an up charge for pasta with my meal. Really? Potatoes or pasta are always included with marsala.  Hooray the appetizer finally comes out and half ass warm and horribly bland.  We asked for a manager and the waitress overheard us and asked us is there an issue. Ma'am please just leave us alone as we will speak to the manager. 5 minutes and crickets, yep you guessed it, no manager to our table. And to boot the waitress stood there staring at us which is why the ma'am please leave us alone. It was like she was a demon possessed.  Before I imploded, we had to walk out. Never ever again will we return here. Time to find somewhere else to enjoy my daughters birthday.
Literally just walked out after waiting at our table for 15 minutes with no server in site. We were never even offered drinks. It was embarrassing! Others came in after us ans were serves. Not us. Your food may be good, but the service is deplorable! Just so rude.
I've decided where I stand with Emmert Dental. They are unprofessional, rude and have no clue what they're doing (behind the desk). I will not be going back nor will I have nice things to say about them.
THE WORST DENTAL EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.  THEY ARE BUTCHERS!  My husband and I went to Emmert Dental in Bethel Park for a routine cleaning and check up.  I had one tooth that I had a recent root canal on and a few small cavities that needed filled.  After the so called dentist - Dr Carnavali - did my exam, I needed 3 additional root canals and an extraction! An extraction on the tooth that just had a root canal. I was told that part of the tooth had broken off and that a crown was no longer possible.  I didn't know any better, so I agreed to schedule the extraction for a few weeks later. The "dentist" wanted to extract it that day, but I had plans for the weekend and was not about to be in pain. So, 2 weeks later, I went in for the extraction.  After they gave me novocaine they get me with "you need a bone graft also in that area since we are extracting that tooth". I have never had any issues with bone loss with previous extractions so I didn't feel it was necessary. I had 3 employees surrounding me, pressuring me for this bone graft. So, I reluctantly agreed. I had to pay $259.00 for this "bone graft". So, I signed everything. I wasn't even given enough time to read the document, so I should have known and got up and left right then and there. The "dentist" started the extraction. I have never been so uncomfortable in my life. He pulled on my tooth, used a metal instrument to pound on my tooth and was pulling so hard that my head was coming up and slamming back down against the head rest.  Finally, after a good 15 minutes of this torture, he ripped the tooth out of the side of my jaw. I was literally ganging from all the blood running down the back of my throat. He then stuck some pink powder up in the extraction area. I'm assuming this was the bone graft.  I ended up with many stitches. I was given an antibiotic and instructed to schedule an appointment for the following Saturday so they could start the bridge. Then I was hit with a bill of $569.00! My insurance covers 100% of extractions.  I was in so much pain for 2 weeks following the extraction. Pain severe enough that I had to call off work and I couldn't sleep at night.  I refused to go back to Emmert Dental.  And after a visit to a very reputable dentist, an endodontist and an oral surgeon, I have to have oral surgery to try and repair the damage Emmert Dental has done to my mouth.  They caused a very large deformity in my jaw and I am at risk to lose additional teeth.  Save yourself a lot of time, money and pain.  Emmert dental only cares about the money, will over charge you and leave you less than happy with the dental work.  They are butchers and should not even call themselves dentist. And if you have an issue with their billing practices, don't expect to that resolved easily.  I have called numerous times and I am always told that the manager and or billing department is not in.  I have contacted the BBB and a lawyer.  I expect and want a full refund.  No one should have to go thru what I am currently going thru.  They do unnecessary extractions so they can do a more expensive procedure such as a bridge or an implant.  Now I have to go thru oral surgery, more pain and suffering and more time missed from work because of Emmert Dental.  And the root canals they said I needed, my current dentist and my endodontist both agreed that I do not need tooth canals.  In fact, the teeth are perfectly healthy.  They are crooks and butchers.
The worst dental office I ever been. No one can beat it!!! You should avoid it at any time.
I went here to have my teeth cleaned and they told me they found a cavity. Since I have never had a cavity in my life, I asked the dentist to show it to me on the x-ray and he said he wasn't able to. I didn't feel comfortable with his diagnosis so I went to another dentist (whose office is not a chain like Emmert) and that dentist did not find a cavity. This was three years ago and my teeth are fine, still no cavities.   I don't believe in going to a dental chain and I don't recommend anyone else goes either. I have read horrible articles about their pushy sales tactics and performing un-needed procedures which is what I would have experienced at Emmert had I not been smart enough to find a second opinion. There are better, independent dentists in the area and I recommend people to go to them.
Would not have my dogs teeth cleaned here ! This place is one of the worst dental offices I've ever walked into . Enough said
I've never posted a yelp review before.  This meal was so horrible that I downloaded the yelp app just so I could warn others to stay away!  We ordered food from Capri since we were going to voodoo brewery.  We ordered a cheesesteak with no mayo and an Italian calzone since the person working there talked up the calzones.  We ended up with a cheesesteak heavy on the mayo and an Italian wedgie, which was just a folded up pizza full of mayo and onions.  No sign of Italian meat to be found.  No marinara sauce.  It was inedible.  We ended up walking to kfc instead.    I want to leave a zero star rating, but yelp won't let me.  So they get an undeserved star.
I never even made it inside! After pulling into the parking lot and getting out of my car I was "greeted" by a HUGE bouncer who wanted to search me. If a pizza place needs a bouncer then it is NOT the kind of place I want to eat at. Must draw a dangerous crowd or something.
A vehicle with the doors, truck opened, music playing, backed up to the front door was my first indication that I was is in the wrong place.  The bouncer was pleasant, however he wanted to search me prior to entering.  I said no and turned around and left.  You may want to consider having the pizza delivered.
Eat at your own risk. The service is terrible, the staff seem to be generally clueless, the management is inclined to blame the staff for their own mistakes, and there's no sense of FAST in their fast food. When we came, half of the menu board was still on breakfast, and it was 4:30p. The only thing they have going for them is that the food is hot and tastes just like McDonald's should.   Then again, the franchise is owned by Rice, and I've come to take terrible service is their MO.
My expectations for McDonalds are t rarely high. But for one to still fail so spectacularly...that takes something special! The cashier took my friends's order, then promptly ignored me. I had to force myself in front of a cashier who opened his register to wait on the person BEHIND me. I waited over five minutes for a gigantic order that included precisely one kid's meal. After watching two people who ordered after me be handed their food, I asked where mine was. The manager started yelling at the cashiers for "serving off their orders" when they didn't have their food. But neither cashier was anywhere near those controls, and the manager was the one serving food to customers and clearing the boards. The manager was rude when giving me my order. She didn't make sure that I had everything ON MY RECEIPT, and never even had the decency to apologize that I felt I was getting poor service. I've eaten at various McDonalds restaurants for over 30 years. I've worked at more than one location. I expect bad days, bad moods, and the occasional mistake. But I have yet to have a decent experience at this store. It will remain a place I avoid unless someone in my party needs to avoid illness from low blood sugar. Perhaps I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak n Shake instead!
This McDonald's is so bad it's amazing.    Order:  Big mac, large fries, diet coke.  The soda machine was broken.   No sodas.  Then I got to the window.  "We rang you up for medium fries."   (Not what I asked for)  "Well, if you want a large, you're gonna have to wait 4 minutes.  We just started a new batch."  Left with:  Big mac, medium fries, no coke.  Actually, now that I think about it, this was one of my better experiences there...
I should be able to give this McDonalds 0 stars.  If they had an award for worst McDonalds in and around Pittsburgh this would take the cake.  It blows my mind too.  Being in the Waterfront a manager could make this place shine but there's no polishing a turd.  P*ss poor service, a filthy dining room, filthy bathrooms, attitudes by the workers... If I had to give a real world example of what "Misery loves company meant", I would take you here and make you order food and sit down and eat.  If McDonalds depended on this one to do good they would of went out of business years ago.  I've gonna here a dozen times and 11 and a half times had the worst experience and the worst food I ever had from a McDonalds.  I'm sorry to be this harsh but you know what, no I'm not sorry.  This McDonalds ruined some of my best days and everyone needs to know to stay away.  I'd rather a second Chik Fil A at the Waterfront than this place.    Stay away.  Far far far far away.  Don't even look at this place, cover the side of your face and just keep driving.  There's nothing to see here.
looooong wait, always screws up my orders. poor customer service. was going to hire me but said I had to go somewhere else to do my orientation.
This McDonald's has never been that great, but last night they reached an all time low. I ordered a big Mac and large fries. It was obvious that the fries were old and they refried them to heat them up. The bun of the big Mac was so stale, it was almost rock hard and most of the lettuce was turning brown. I have officially given up on going here. I'll drive the extra distance to go to the one in Oakland from now on.
Worst mcdonalds i have ever been to. Last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked. People were getting refunds wait time was so long. My daughter asked for gogurt w happy meal got apples had to wait 10 min to change to gogurt. Soda is watered down and gross. Rude staff doesnt know what they are doing. Will never go back even though its the closest one to me.
I've been to a lot of McDonald's in my time, this is the worst. Service was unbelievably slow, only frowns all around and not very clean. Just skip this one and you will be better off.
Any time Ive ever stepped in to Randys, there is a very odd smell that immediately makes me want to turn around and walk out. Bartenders dont seem friendly and if you arent a regular, expect to get weird vibes from the regulars.  With all of the other options in the area, take your money elsewhere!
You would think their exorbitant prices would at least buy some decent customer service. Not at this location.   They are totally understaffed and have almost nobody able or willing to help you find anything. This is a problem because they carry so many completely different products that it's hard to find what you need. Expect to wait at least a half hour before getting assistance.  The organization is disjointed, especially depending on your project. There's even a section called "art supplies". I thought that was kind of the point of the whole store.   What did it in however was how miserably they packed my picture frames. The place next door wrapped two dollar drinking glasses in paper to protect them, but apparently Michael's thinks a grocery bag is sufficient to protect a nice picture frame in bad weather.   So, the inevitable happened and I dropped the bag. Now I don't expect every place to be sympathetic, even though it could have been packed better, but when I asked for a refund they were down right RUDE. Hey I did drop the thing, but some empathy would have been nice. I wasn't completely out of line asking because a little bubble wrap and it would have been fine in the first place. I will never be back to this or any other Michael's.
1* for the Apple map telling me they're open until 10pm. Just completed a mad dash here at 9:30pm. Yes, I realize I could've called beforehand...
This is the absolute WORST Steak N Shake I've ever been to.   The bf and I got lost around Pittsburgh for 40 min. trying to find this location and on top of the unnecessary 1 hour wait for our food, the food itself was just so crappily made. It was so bad and we had waited a ridiculous amount of time (c'mon, Steak N Shake is basically a glorified McD's), our waiter comped our WHOLE MEAL.  If not for the compensation, I would have been pissed that we had to pay for such a crappy meal. The bf, on the other hand, was more upset about the principle of the matter... we had trekked all that way just to get our Steak N Shake fix (since both of us haven't had it since our undergraduate days) and it was a major fail.  I think I'm good with my Steak N Shake craving for a long time now...    PS. The whole joint smells like major B.O.
I went here at 3 PM between the lunch rush and the dinner rush, and the restaurant was maybe 20% full. I ordered the Chili Mac Supreme to go. I thought I would be in and out within 5-10 minutes. Keep in mind that this restaurant even has a drive-thru; the expectation is quick service.  Long story short, my food never came... the waitress told me (after I had been sitting there waiting for thirty minutes) that the kitchen hadn't even started on my order yet, so I told her to cancel it and walked out. Now I see that others on Yelp have warned about the slow service at this location. Wish I had looked it up earlier.
The only thing worse than the food is the service.
This was the most horrible experience at a restaurant I have had in years!!!!!!!!!!!!  I was there at around 9pm, with about 9 folks from my family (visiting relatives included).  There were several things that got me annoyed, one after another.  I was ok that it took a while for us to be seated. But after we ordered, what really got me angry was that the food took a VERY long time to arrive. We had 2 kids with us and we ordered 2 kids meals, and had asked for those to be brought sooner. After about 25-30 minutes of nothing, I went to the servers (who were just NOT paying attention to us anyway - the main server's name for our table was Angel) and asked where our meals were. One checked with another, who then informed me that they were working on it.  What made me even angrier is that they tried to downplay everything, telling me that it had only been 5 minutes. Then one of the servers (manager?) tells me that "ok, may be it's been 10 minutes, but it's coming". Then I hear some of the servers talking about our orders. The same gentleman then came to our table, sat down next to me and told me that it's only been 10 minutes and that they were working on our order, and tried to give me some explanation about why that's not really a long time at all. It was clearly almost half an hour or longer by that time.  The food finally arrived about 10 minutes after that. But the food came cold.  We were so HUNGRY by that point, we just ate whatever we could. Neither Angel nor anyone else came to top up our drinks even ONCE. I had to ask for mine, but by that point I was in no mood to take a sip even.  I paid ($58.20) and I again got the same gentleman who tried (again!) to explain to me that it was just 10 minutes, and that "given everything, we were within normal limits". Wow.  After about an hour and half at the restaurant, we all just shook our heads and left.   I have written to them on their website, and will see if they follow up.   We have vowed NEVER to go to this restaurant again. Yikes!!
This was the first time that I have ever eaten here.  We went through the drive thru which took forever.  I ordered a hamburger and onion rings.  The hamburger did taste kind of odd but I figured it was because I am used to Wendy's .  exactly 6hours later I was so sick.  Might have been a stomach bug but it is kind of strange.  I dont think that I need to go back to this particular location......ever
Terrible wait staff  couldn't even seat us. Before we, and another party walked out without even being greeted properly, I observed several employees traipse out the front door, several tables who were waiting for their food for a long time,  several employees just standing around out of direct view of the tables, a morbidly obese hostess that could barely physically walk from one end of the store to the other. I think one server was high.       Going there was a  special request by a 7 year old getting over a long-ish illness, so that makes the shabby treatment more enraging.
Food is good, what you'd expect from Steak n Shake. THE SERVICE IS AWFUL. so incredibly awful. expect to take at least an hour for your meal, even when it's slow. I've been going here for years when I want a cheap meal, but the service is so so so awful. Go to McDonalds.
The service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service. I had a bus to catch so I couldn't wait around waiting for the check so I went to the counter to pay. She never brought my check, never checked to see if my drink needed refilled, she just mopped the floors.   The burger was really greasy, the fries were Luke warm and the cheese on them wasn't as flavorful as it should be. As a new Pittsburgher I'm not impressed.
I should have known better than to stop here, but I was nursing a hangover and just wanted something quick and simple.  I should kick myself for thinking of this place.  Granted I decided to go to the drive thru and knew there would be a wait.  The sign actually says that the food is prepared when you order it.  I sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared.  During that time I wished I could have taken back my order and also wished that I hadn't paid already.    While sitting at the window I decided to just stare inside and watch some of the employees doing their job.  What disturbed me the most was watching the employee making the milkshakes.  Making a milkshake isn't that hard or glamorous of a thing to watch.  What disgusted me was that the guy actually lifted several of the containers for the milkshakes and smelt them.  I mean smelt them to see if they were clean, instead of actually taking the extra minute or two to clean the container.  After witnessing this my food was finally ready and I drove away.  When I finally got to eating my food I was underwhelmed.  The fries had no flavor and with the size of the cut it appears you get more than what you ordered.  The "steakburger" really, they should just call it a burger, was overpowered by the BBQ sauce on it.  It was all I could taste.  All this has cemented me in not wanting to ever step foot in one of these establishments ever again.
I don't think it's too much to ask that if you advertise your drive thru being open 24/7. Then it should be open 24/7. I work a late night job. The past three times I have tried to get food late night I haven't been able to. Twice they greeted me in the drive thru and never got back to me after twenty minutes so I drove away. Tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed. Really? Awful location. Awful service. Went inside to try to get food, but I was ignored by the staff. How hard does it have to be to get a burger? Don't go here.
You know what you're getting with a Steak N Shake: it's about one rung up from a McD's in quality, and about two rungs down in quickness. At least, you think you know.   I used to have a small place in my heart (though the salt and fat weren't very kind to said organ) for Steak N Shake, because hey, who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream? But after my last trip, I can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here, this location in particular. I haven't been back in over year, and I will never step foot into a Steak N Shake as long as I have an immune system that I care about.   After having eaten here, I hit the restroom on my way out (along with my two friends....hey, we're girls, it's acceptable!). One stall was already taken, so two of us are stuck waiting while this occupant does her....shall we say, business? After a few seconds, we realize that she's not only there to relieve herself, but to also take drive-through orders. Yes, that's right...."You want fries with that? *flush* Okay, that will be $5.50". I have never, ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom. To top it off, after finishing her "bathroom break", she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach.
I love Steak N Shake. This one, however, leaves a lot to be desired. The food often comes out cold and the servers are apathetic at best. Most of the time, they're downright rude. I highly recommend avoiding this location if possible. There's one on Route 51 that's worth the 15 minutes it'll take you to get there.
I like the occasional steak and shake stop.....    but this one has to be the slowest one ever.    The cashier was rude and I could hear her yelling are you fucking kidding me because the register was not working the way she wanted....     wow.... just wow...
Every time we come here the service is laughably bad. On this visit a tabe which was sat after us had their food before our server graced us with her surly presence. Good restaurant elsewhere, just avoid this location if you want to get your food inside an hour.
Wow. Dirty and slow.  The floors felt like they had the days burger grease spilled all over, and it took 30 m8n to get our take out order.
The staff is very rude at the drive thru to the point of telling me at 2:02 pm "It's only 1:59 you can't do the happy hour shakes yet!"   She literally screamed it at me.   The management does not enforce any kind of health code in that restaurant either.   I too, have witnessed employees not washing hands, and I have gotten food poisoning twice from undercooked burgers.   Once - shame on you, Twice - shame on me - won't go there again.     The lovely occaisional drug deal out in the parking lot at night doesn't help either when you have kids.
This location is terrible. The drive-thru workers are rude and they give you crap food. I waited 5 minutes before being able to order, even when there was only 1 car ahead of me. Then the lady proceeded to ask me if I would like anything on my burger, and (thinking the pictures on the menu are what they're supposed to look like and they would never false advertise) I asked "doesn't it come with the fixings like in the picture?" she then told me it only comes with cheese. So I then went on to tell her what I wanted on my burger. Pulled around and got my order pretty quick, but later when I open my burger its just meat and cheese. The meat is badly burned and cold. It was clear to me this burger was not fresh. I didn't even attempt to eat it, what a waste of a place. They definitely need better workers.
Awful in every category. The service is the worst I've ever seen. We were waiting to be seated in this half empty restaurant for 5 minutes before the manager came over and seated one couple. Then with more people waiting he went to the counter and took out a rag and started wiping it down. We were still being ignore until I told him it was alright we didn't need a table and left. I don't know how corporate keeps this place open. I've complained numerous times but it never does any good.  Take the extra 20 minutes to drive to the South Hills location. Its pretty much the exact opposite of the Waterfront. The food comes out hot and properly cooked and you are not ignored by the staff.
I really don't know how this place stays open. I've been here a couple of times. The service is slooooow. They bring you your food which is never the way you ordered it, put your Bill on the table and never come back to check on you. If the place was packed I could understand but it's usually about half full. On our last visit it took us 10 minutes to get our waitresses attention. We asked for some mustard, mayo, lettuce, and tomatoes for our burgers. It took 5 minutes to get the mustard and mayo. The lettuce and tomato never came.  It's safe to say that we won't be back. We like the food and shakes but not worth it to put up with the poor service.
The hostess (Jenn of Jess, I'm not sure) is atrocious. I am autistic and asked to be moved from right beside the kitchen because of noise levels, and she made a huge deal of it. I ended up crying outside waiting for my partner to let me know we'd been moved. 15 minutes later, we had still not been moved or gotten food, and my partner and I left. This is 1:45 PM on a Thursday. Not at all busy. Just bad service. Our waitress was very polite, though.
I have eaten here before and never had any problems. But today was completely different. I arrived 12:15 PM to have lunch with my family. We sat there for about 25 minutes and not one person came to ask us if we were ready to order. They completely ignored us so we got up and left. One table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention. So we went to  Wendy's up on 8th Avenue and we had no problems ar all.
I know service speed isn't a chain-wide issue. This place is just REALLY. SLOW. We ordered 40 minutes ago. Still no food.
I ordered online last night and it was suppose to be done at 7:!5pm. I get their small line that somehow took 30mins. When i get to counter she looks at my print out and says it will be done in a few. I ask to speak to manager and she calls out a manager named Rachel who did not show. At 8:05pm she goes to check my food after me saying something! It was on the counter the whole time. My Food was cold and they have to the nerve to say come again. I Think Not!
Dear my fine brethren, A man once asked me: have you ever seen the rain? Well I have. The burgers were charred to a crust-encased oblivion. Imagine world war 3. And by God, the viscosity of the milkshakes was uncouth.  1/5
Server took 15 minutes to even seat me, then 10 more to even take my order. Found out they didn't even have what I wanted, a common accurance lately. Once I had got my drink(COLA with a shot of cherry), it was flat and tasted a little like cough syrup. Their first attempt at my meal, grilled cheese steak burger melt(in essence a steak burger on a grilled cheese), I was served just a plain grilled cheese. Once they had gotten me another sandwich, it seemed right except for the awkward stack of pickles in the middle, not spread out. It may seem a little nitpickey at this point, but this is by far the worst experience I've had at this restaurant, but not the first. I don't think I'll be returning to suffer through that again.
Waitress was very kind at the beginning but her attitude declined rapidly. Food was alright except the French onion soup. Couldn't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve. A table nearby had a problem with their food. Waitress was rude to them and the manager never came to address the issue. Terrible customer service.
This is the worst place I've maybe ever been to.  The outside was filthy with trash all over.  The inside was maybe worse, trash and dirty.  The employees were awful, rude, slow and not caring about a thing.  I can't even guess how unsanitary it might be.  Disgusting.
I keep forgetting how not good this location is. Inconvenienced hostesses seat the party before you without even acknowledging your presence. Disinterested, apathetic servers that ignore requests like "we need napkins" until you have finished your meal and erupted your hands on your clothing. Cooks meet my food quality expectations, but give barely child sized portions on side dishes. I have not seen one staff member smile the entire time I've been in here today. I consistently return to the Rt 51 location because I get decent and consistent service. This one? I only returned because I was getting my dog groomed at the nearby Petco.
Lame. Lame as heck.  The premise seemed kind of fun, but when I got there it did not take long for Sing Sing to disappoint. The $7 cover was way too high for this place, and the drinks were not good. The music the guys played was all stuff from like 1987. Nothing modern, mostly stuff you would hear on Bob FM during the two o'clock hour at work. The medley from Grease was a crowd pleaser I guess.  Part of their schtick is that if a member of your party is having a birthday or wedding or what have you then you can pay to have that person dragged on stage and they will sing a song to them. They were doing dirty versions of well known songs, and there was really only one joke.  "Hey there Delilah" became "Hey There V****a" and that was the cleverest one. Hope you like 7th grade dirty jokes, because you'll be hearing a lot of them. Mostly ones that you already know from 7th grade.  I would not recommend anybody go. I want my brain cells back.
He was incredibly sexist/homophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he didn't like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls.
Service was terrible from the time we walked in, very overcrowded, and overrated, does not live up to the hype in the least bit.
I didn't like the customer service of this body shop.. There price estimate for my repair was outrageous.. They won't be getting my business
I've gotten a few more estimates since I wrote my original review.. I found that Joe Dilorio's repair estimate was three times the price of the other auto body shops.. If you don't believe me= check yourself..
When making a Customer's paymento atLowe's, we have our checklist:  1. Do the phone numbers match?  Nope, but that's fine since people are always changing their phone numbers anyways. 2. Does the name on account match name on check?  Nope, but mistakes happen at those pesky check companies. 3. Does the account number on the check match the account number on the screen?  Why should it, those computers are always making mistakes.  Now that we have verified that all the information is correct, we can process the payment.  The customer will be so happy that we didn't have to bother them with any silly questions.  ****** I am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence.  What was originally an average Lowe's has turned into Lowe's Hell.  If the associates do not have basic logic comprehension, how do they survive?
My husband and I went to the store on June 29th. We planned to purchase two doors. We decided to pay $35.00 to have an installer come to the house and measure so that  Lowes can install the doors. We would be paying several hundred dollars to get the doors installed. After the installation, Lowe's would refund us the$ 35.00. Our paperwork said we would receive a call from an installer within 2 business days. I also had a few other questions that our salesman said the dept Manager would call me about the next day. Never received a call from anyone at Lowe's! By July 2 we still had not heard from the installer or the dept Manager. I called the dept manager and asked him my few questions that I had. He answered one question and said he would have another millwork person call me. Millwork never called me! By July 3, I called our salesman (David Crane). He was surprised that I had not heard from the installer. He told me he would send a message to the installation dept about calling us.Today it's July 8th and we STILL have not heard a peep from anyone at Lowes. Our total order that we planned on spending at Lowe's was around $1700.00 !! I called today and asked to talk to a store Manager. I told him that we have not heard from anyone at Lowe's and that we are not going to proceed with our order. I told him we would like our $35.00 back. He said OK, just bring in your receipt the next time you are at the store. He never apologized, he never even asked me what my customer number was so he could look up our order and maybe somehow save this sale !!!! I cannot believe how unprofessional this store was ! Goodbye Lowes...Hello Home Depot !! What a shame ! David Crane our salesperson was very nice and helpful to us...too bad he is losing the sale.
I went into Lowes for a few items--one being a dehumidifier.  I asked 2 different employees to assist--they were rude and told me to read the box.  Being 8 months pregnant I couldn't lift the box into the cart and they didn't much care.  Finally after asking another 3 employees--I found one to help. So much rudeness --checking out and trying to find other items. Clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here.
Before today I probably would have given this place three stars based mostly on their beer selection; however, today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for a pizza sub, French onion soup, fries, and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie, no hot sauce). We were told by the waitress that she realized it was wrong, but decided to still bring it out to see if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By a half hour later, we still had not received the buffalo chicken tenders, nor the French onion soup (which should have been mostly made already), and no fries.  We were told the chef was new, but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy app or beers on the house. To boot, the beer was pretty expensive. I will probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection, but it won't be for a while. The food has always been average at best, and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75% of our order.
The food was absolutely gross! I ordered a turkey club which comes on a wheat bun with avocado, bacon, and turkey breast. What I got was TOTALLY different from the picture! First of all the sandwich was on sliced bread (lame)! There was no avocado, 1 slice of bacon, no lettuce, and to TOP it off instead of turkey breast they used freaking LUNCH MEAT! lol No, not the kind that you get from the deli, the other sweaty nasty looking stuff! Gross!   Our waitress was awful but they were extremely understaffed so I would have a bit of an attitude if I had to wait 10 tables without assistance too.     The manager was really nice... Of course that disgusting sandwich that I didn't eat was free.
Mediocre service. COLD food! Our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade. 1 beer per hour maximum.  Avoid at all costs. Fair manager.
This place just plain sucks Bad management lost them biz Dumb arcade drama*  * they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old
Visited the Dave and Busters in Homestead, PA last night. Waitress mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already too - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitress never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit - not even a refill. After spending over $300 plus games, we will never go back. Whatever happened to the customer is always right? HORRIBLE service
Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around, the Peanut and I were really disappointed.  Won't be back.
I was here on 10/3 and I have to say this was a horrible experience.  Me and a friend went here to eat and play a couple games afterwards.  It took the waitress at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not see her again.  We ordered and got our drinks and well let's just say we didn't see the waitress again until she was giving us our check (some manager delivered the food to the table).  No refill on my beverage, no how is your food, no ketchup for my burger or fries was offered.  Lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people!  I will not be back again to eat.
We checked in at 7:00 pm on a Saturday with a group of 19 for a birthday gathering.  We were originally told 9:00 pm is when we'd be seated, but that's not the problem, because we were able to play before being seated.  We ACTUALLY didn't get seated until 10:00 pm, only to be told the kitchen was taking 3 hours for people's orders.  Didn't see a manager until after 10:30 pm.  Needless to say, we didn't stay to eat and went elsewhere.
Ok, we went on a sat night with a large party, 2 hour wait for a table. Fine that's understand then it turned to a three hour wait. Once seated we were told the kitchen was THREE HOURS behind and the wait for food would be three hours. The manger blamed us saying " you came with a large party on a sat night, if you only order apps and not separate  meals, you MIGHT get food in 45 min" really ? It's the customers fault your staff can't handle a sat night rush. The table of 5 next to us waited 3 hours for food, when they got it it was the WRONG food... I will never spend money here again!!! To top it off the bathroom had no toilet paper and there was pee everywhere!
Awful awful. Spent 150.00SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE. Took 27 minutes to even be acknowledged. Really. The only saving grace was the kids had fun and the hostess took AMAZING care of us......
The service at the Pittsburgh location was so incredible awful that I actually took the time out of my day to write online how disappointed I was, which I have never done before. It was a Saturday night and as someone who works in a restaurant im very sympathetic when it comes to service. We sat at the high tables in the bar area and we did not get greeted or even acknowledged for 30 minutes. I personally had to get a manager and explain to him the situation and he treated me like I was stupid (maybe because im 17?) Also not to mention the little girl next to me is balling her eyes out because she told her server of an egg allergy she has and they still managed to mess it up and give her food marinated in egg. Last I overhead they are heading to the hospital. I'm not writing this message to be spiteful, I'm writing it in hopes that the future of your restaurant will improve. There's a big difference between service and hospitality and right now this place is lacking both. My best wishing for improvement
This wasn't the cleanest place. Dirty paper towels all over the women's bathroom. No changing covers on the changing tables to change your Babies. Very disappointed when I came here compared to the other two I've been too. Also they aren't following corporate policy. Which ok, but when I asked about it to one of the managers on the way out, he said he didn't honor the first responders discount like the other stores do. Which ok Is fine, but he had a very sore attitude towards them. Very disappointed in his attitude more then anything.
Worst service I've ever had! we waited for over an hour for our food. After the waitress walked by 6 times without saying a word or refilling our drinks we got a manager who had her come by and apologize and give us a round but never said a word about our food. And told us her help never showed up. We waited another 30 mins for our food before we asked for the check for the 2 drinks we got. We left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food. No apologies nothing. While sitting there we noticed 2 other parties walked out as well. They didn't even get their drinks. I would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat. Drink play games fine. I will never order food there again.
Went to Dave and busters to eat.... NO FOOD. Went to Dave and busters to play.. NO GAMES. Then I thought I'd wet my whistle with a cool glass of H2O..they even RAN OUT OF WATER... Some lady even yelled at me in line to purchase game tickets accusing me of cutting line. SUCH HOSTILITY. dave and busters? More like BEAVIS & BUTTHEAD. SMH
This is a place I'd go to just for the games. The food was bad. I had the chicken sliders and there was two pieces of wood in the sandwich which I found in my mouth. Granted the manager did take off the price of the sliders but everyone's fries were lukewarm. My sister got the chicken fingers and wow, there was zero flavor or seasoning on it. The bathrooms smelled like stale urine and the floors were very sticky. The waitress was nice but overall i wouldn't dine here again.
If you are under 21 you must be accompanied by a 25 year old. Not only is this a stupid rule, but the staff rudely expressed this and smirked at us because we were under 21. Awful place with rude people.
I made the mistake of selecting this place to meet up with my family who were visiting from Florida.  Waited at bar for 20 minutes before be able to order a drink even though there were only 3 other people at the bar. Once the bartender did decide to wait on me, he was very short "What will you have?" and proceeded to give me a a receipt for the amount due before I could order 6 more drinks for the rest of our party??? We eventually left that bar after no one returned to our group sitting at the bar for the following 25 minutes.   We then moved onto the restaurant where we waited for 45 minutes for our entrees to arrive. Food was pretty good.  Moved onto gaming area where approximately 1 out of 5 games were not operating properly. This place has really gone down hill in the past 3-4 years. We will NOT be going back!
If you are here to just play games, then its a great deal of fun, and is also a fantastic place to catch a sporting event.   If you are here to eat, maybe try somewhere else. I have tried eating here on several occasions and find that it is for the most part terrible. Nothing tastes like it is fresh at all. I would guess everything is delivered frozen and then either deep fried or heated in a microwave. I can't think of any meal I've ever finished here either from being bland or just plain lousy. Even my 11 year old, who loves wings and chicken fingers (2 staples here) thinks the food is terrible and refuses to eat here, even though he loves to play the games.   My advice, eat somewhere else then head here to play.
4pm on a Friday afternoon and I got turned away for being 8 days under 21 I had no intention drinking and there was all of 4 people in the place even if I was 21 I would go to rivers downtown it's not like they can put a wristband saying I'm 20 or anything.
My sisters and I have always gone here together by ourselves. I am 18 and my sisters are younger than I am. As we walked in, they would not let us go in unless we were all 21, if we were not 21 we had to be with someone 25.  I called the manager & he told me that it has always been a rule, even though the website says 18. Which I was, and I was not allowed in. The manager ended up hanging up on me.  They have turned something for teenagers into a place for adults.  I am extremely disappointed in how the staff and manager delt with this and will not return to this specific Dave n Busters.
Games are okay. However, this place is highly unhygienic. they don't clean any silverwares, plates etc. Avoid eating or drinking anything here.
Nina the manager and Ashley the cashier extremely RUDE. refused to give me back change from kiosk malfunction. made me leave because I was with my girlfriend who was 20 and I was 23. supposed rule about someone under 21 needs to be with someone 25. rule is in about 3 size font. highly recommend that no one ever goes here.
Worst service ever and all of our food was either cold or not what we ordered. Waited over a hour for our food as well. Our service was awful as well. Bathrooms were so disgusting and un-kept. I don't think I have one good thing to say about this place.
I know the reason for coming here is not the food, but this was ridiculous.   The five of us sat at one of the tables around the bar in the game room.  We still didn't have napkins or cutlery when our appetizer (nachos) came, and asked for some, please. She brought a pile of beverage napkins. When we pointed out the problem she went away and eventually came back with....more beverage napkins. It was a little messy, but we managed with our fingers.  Still didn't have any cutlery or proper napkins when the food came. The woman that brought the food didn't think it was her job to get them for us, and we weren't going to eat salads and pasta with our fingers, so eventually we walked around to hunt up our waitress, who, fifteen minutes after the food, finally delivered the tools with which to eat it.  That was also our first opportunity to point out to her that one of us had ordered a salad, and had been delivered a pasta dish, completely unrelated, instead. Fifteen more minutes and she finally delivered the salad that had actually been ordered.   But that's not the worst. One of the pasta dishes that *had* been ordered arrived without any sauce, just the naked pasta. We don't know why. Despite pointing out the problem, she never did do anything about that. Maybe she thought it was easier to eat with your fingers that way.  Anyway, don't try to eat here. Just come and play the games, but skip the food.
I went to this establishment hoping for a fun time where i can leave my two children in the car and forget about my responsibilities for a few hours.  At first i enjoyed the freindly environment and enjoyed the attractive waitresses, however things went south fast there were children everywhere and i am not a nice person aroud children when i drink...lol. these kids hogged up everygame the entire night leaving me creating my own entertainment  which involved staring at there young moms and older sisters. I wish there were no kids. After a few hours and a 3 course meal i decided to make my own fun.  I kicked a child off a racing game chair and they precided to cry like a little girl.  She was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong. After a few choice words with management i will never go back there again and will only lock my kids inside of my car somewhere more adult like seabase.
How ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids. I drove 40 minutes to take my younger brother to Dave and Busters for a fun afternoon but we were denied. Their policy states anybody under the age of 21 must be accompanied by an adult over the age of 25. I'm 22 years old and I don't understand why I can't bring my 12 year old brother to play games. We've gone many times a year for the past 15 years. After todays experience, I will not be going back, whether I am with kids or not.
If they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating. 2.5 hour wait and then cold food served. Did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates. Bathrooms atrocious. Nothing positive to say other than don't go there.
Ghetto, the server kept calling me baby all night. Staff is rude. Half the games don't work. The food is the only good thing this place has because it's somewhat unique. I did a survey that was on my receipt and gave my negative experience and it said a a manger would be in touch based on my answers and it's been a week and no call. What a joke.
Came here for my son's birthday. Waited 20 minutes for our drinks and an additional 49 minutes for our food. The waitstaff really didn't appreciate having to take breaks from their cellphones to seat/serve us. Had to ask over and over for drinks, water, silverware....etc. I could understand if they were busy, but it wasn't at all.   I ordered the sirloin, which was poorly kept/cooked. The food wasn't very good at all.   Games were fun...as always. Eat before you come to play!
Despite asking specifically for an appointment at the Peter's Township office, they scheduled the visit for Bethel Park which only has physician's assistants, not doctors.  Was then told that they don't have any opening so it was Bethel Park or nothing.  Can't say much for an office that is managed this way.  The lack of empathy was even more disturbing.
Someone named Teresa erroneously gave this practice my cell phone number.  The staff from this practice repeatedly called my cell phone over the course is a week to ask for this person, even after I told them each time that they had the wrong number and tried to clear it up.  Worse yet, when I POLITELY told the staff member each time about the problem, they RUDELY slammed the phone down and hung up.  The staff at this practice needs a lesson in professionalism and courtesy, and needs to mark their file to indicate that they have a wrong number listed.  Don't take it out on the person they are incorrectly calling.
This is the Wendys that made me never want to eat at Wendy's ever again.  To think I gave it a second a third and even a FOURTH try!  I guess convenience gets dollars but after so long, you'll stop getting mine.  The employees here are always fighting when you go in about shift changed and duties and the attitude carries itself right over to the register.  The management isn't any better telling me to go somewhere else if I don't like it then.  This place is the reason people scoff at giving $15 a hr to fast food employees.  The frosty is never frosty always runny.  The burgers are slapped together and the dining room looks more like a daycare after a long day than a place you would want to sit down and eat.  The only good thing about this place is the exit so you can swiftly leave and never come back.
Tried going twice. Twice i got a " were closed" i said i thought you were open till 1? "Nah" it was 12. I thought Wendy's advertises that they're open until 1? Like thats their commercial campaign. Guess not. Cant rate the food cause i haven't received any. I would have loved to try. But since its 1210 guess they are closed. Don't worry Wendy's. Maybe you should add 100+ sodas to this location but don't worry i wont have any from this one or any. I am done w this franchise.
It took an hour to get our food when everyone else got their food in five minutes. They forgot two of our drinks and one of the employees said a cuss word infront of a child.
We used rdn plumbing who was recommended by aha (american home shield) to help fix a clogged drain.  A guy named Justin came and helped us.  After he left the drain was unclogged but the pipe below the sink was leaking.  We left the country for vacation and have been swamped in construction afterwards.  We called aha for a recall to have rdn come back and fix the leaking pipe. I woke up at 830 am to justin screaming (and i mean screaming so loud that i was alarmed in bed with earplugs in).  He was questioning my husband about why we waited 3-4 weeks to call it in.  After my husbad explained that we were out of the country he implied thAtmy husband messed with the pipes himself.  My husband stayed calm and told him that he just needs to fix the problem from not putting pipes back together correctly.  THEN my husband askd if he could call aha and see if the leaking faucet would be covered.  He went out to his truck and called and then came barging back in with a wrench and started fixing the faucet by literally turning the wrench twice.  He told my husband while turning the wrench that it wasnt covered.  My husband tried to get im to stop because he only wanted to know if it was covered.  Justin freaked out again and wrote up a whole new work order.  He gave us the bill and stormed off.  The even wrote on the statement "i am not going to be told how to do my job".  I have never seen a temper tantrum from a so called professional in my life.  I als would like to add that i have NEVER left a 1/5 stars for any service professional and we are no strangers to house remodeing.
If there was a way to give no stars I would. Horrible service. Was given a time frame or 45-50min for delivery, after waiting an hour we called and was told food was on the way they sent the delivery guy out with 6 orders. After another 30min we called back and was told pizza was still there because they ran out of part of our order. They said they'd bring it right away. Waited another 20min we live about 1.5 miles away from the place still nothing. So we called back and asked for our money back. They never once apologized and every phone call they were trying to talk to another person about a whole different matter. And oh since we used a card it's going to be 3-4 days to see the refund. At least pay cash so when they don't show you know you won't be ripped off at least.
If you want terrible pizza go here. Save money go buy a frozen pizza and it will be better than this place
Ordered a hot sausage Parmesan hoagie ,fried zucchini and a cheese steak hoagie, NONE of which were edible.  I cannot believe still how bad they were, this establishment should stick to pizza only! Not worth one star!! Yuch!
Horrible beer, horrible service, horrible menu
My friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and I had ordered meal that came with a desert! Really dissapointing all around.
For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.
Came with my BF we started with the crab artichoke dip. It was very greasy and had virtually no crab. The wedge salad was good and crisp. I had the hazelnut crusted chicken. This has to be one of the worst dishes I've ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. To finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. Well there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing.
Poor service and food. I waited 20 minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence. They finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay.... So I had to wait an additional 15 minutes to find someone to pay. Yes, I had to TRY and give them money.  On to the important part... Food was terrible. I had a burger and it was pathetic.
Be careful. The servers can't pay attention to save their lives, and the management cares even less. I want to make sure people know how careless the management is, particularly Mark who seems to let his staff run around.
Very disappointing menu. Pseudo Mexican and south of the border fare. I had the Beef Tip Sliders. What a ridicules offering. Each one (2 on a plate) had a nickel sized piece of beef on an oblong  3" bun. It was taken back to the kitchen, after I complained, and a thin sliver now appeared. The only thing good about this experience, the waiter was nice! As the raven said, "Never, never more."
Ergh, this place. I hate giving bad reviews but on my latest visit, I should have listened to my gut and not repeated my visit here. Naturally, I'm not a stranger to this chain, understand it's a chain, but the past visit here was just not good.  Came with my brother on a Sunday after a driving lesson. We were hungry and this was his way of paying for gas money. We were seated in the dining area. Every time we are seated in the dining area it's a bad experience. On the bar side you get entertainment, the beer flights/draft specials are decent and the bar food/appetizers are passable.  It started off with the soft drinks. I'm not a pop drinkers so when I want a simple diet pepsi I expect it not to taste funky [and yes, I prefer the weird twang of diet drinks to sugar in a glass taste of regular]. There was incorrect carbonation, whether they were running out [I suspect this], no ice [lukewarm] or they had just hooked up a new box [unlikely]. I sent it back.  My brother got a burger which he said was fine, it came with an egg on it and he found himself satisfied. I tried to steal a few of his fries, which were a failure. They tasted like the off brand in the freezer section [a full mouth of starch], and were barely crispy enough. So abandon plan. On my own dish I had the classic mac n' chicken. First of all, the pasta was crispy?, really?, it wasn't a cheese sauce, it was pretty much butter baked on and sprinkled in Parmesan and smothered in breadcrumbs. And when I say smothered here, this is not a good thing. Sigh. The chicken was pushed to the bottom of the pan, which my brother tasted because I was turned off my this version of my favorite dish, and said it was cooked properly. A small save?   Again - I sent it back after about 3 bites. The waitress came back asking if I wanted a box, I told her to take it away. She did and disappeared into oblivion until we had to flag her down for the check, which I didn't see as my brother paid for it while I used the restroom, I hope they didn't charge us for the pop drink.... Needless to say, I came home hungry.   Honestly, if you come, come for drinks and a salad, they don't screw those up. Everything else, avoid.
first bad experience at this place. double swiss burger was as tasteless as they could make. I asked for medium cooked and they gave me burnt. instead of caramelized onions, they added raw onions. they should check the quality of jalapeños they use, it was not hot at all. they also forgot to add mayo. ohh and they took 50 minutes to prepare this burger, and we missed our movie at amc.  the waiter did not even bother to ask if everything was okay. won't visit again.
If you want rock bottom food, head to Rock Bottom. Slow service, horrible, horrible food.   Was served freezing cold enchiladas and pizza.   The enchiladas were supposed to be chicken and had two tiny strips of chicken and I'm talking minuscule.   Rice was still cold when it was served a second time a half hour later.   Manager apologized and waitress offered us something while we waited for our food for the second time.   I don't know whose fault it was, but there are clearly some problems in house.   I'll take the blame for ordering chicken enchiladas at a brewery but wow, they were so horrid!
Terrible customer service, disrespectful in fact. I towed my vehicle to Master Muffler in the evening. The owner called me at 645 am the next day and gave me attitude for leaving it in his parking lot. He told me he wouldn't work on the vehicle and that I had to pick it back up by the end of the day. I said this was a secondary vehicle and I asked if he could be fixed at his earliest convenience, he said "it doesn't work like that".  Never going back again  and I would advise against Master Muffler to all others.
It isn't often that my wife and I get to go out, but we had tickets to see the WONDERFUL Lisa Landry and figured since we were going to the Improv, we may as well eat there too. I should have gotten on here and read the reviews before making that decision. We had what seems to be a typical experience at the improv. We were handed a paper menu with 4 items on it when we walked in the door. There was no other menu at the table and our waitress didn't offer us one either. She wanted our order, but as we were looking around the place, we realized that most of those around us were eating items that not on the menu provided to us. When asked about another menu, our waitress told us if we give her our drink order, she'll see what she can do. The table next to us handed over their menus so we had something to work with. Our drinks came, we finally put our orders in...and that was the last time we saw our waitress for almost a full 30 minutes. When she finally came back, all she wanted was to know if we wanted a 2nd round of drinks. After 30 minutes I was finally going to get a second beer! "What about our food?", we asked. "Oh", was her answer. Now, according to the menu, dinner came with a side salad, a complimentary glass of champagne, and a chocolate mousse dessert. That's all good and fine. After a couple of minutes, someone, not our waitress, finally brought out our meals. When we asked him about our salads, his reply was "do you want me to take your food back?". Really?!?! "Do you want me to take your food back?" After almost 45 minutes at this point, we had received 1 round of drinks and had seen our waitress only twice and had just received our food. No, I don't want you to take our food back! Halfway through eating our meals, which were by this time cold, our waitress finally came back with our second beers. She asked us how everything was. We asked about our salads. She said she was told we didn't want them. REALLY?!?! Is this a joke? Is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on? Sadly, no. The service didn't get any better. The food was lousy. Thankfully the standup was great. Lisa, Lisa and Matt all put on a hilarious show. Will I ever go back? Don't know. It took us an hour and a half to drive the 16 miles to get there, thanks to traffic. I do know that if we do it again, we will leave the house much earlier and eat somewhere else. The two drink minimum works at the improv because you will not get your waitress to your table more than that to order more drinks. In case you're interested, I am a chef who has been in the service industry for more than 30 years and worked every position possible in restaurants and bars. So, yes, I do have a preconceived notion as to how service and food should be. Even on Valentine's Day.
Went to see Bret Ernst (one of my fave Comedians).  Tickets say seating begins at 9pm for the 9:30pm show.  Well, a line had formed outside because they hadn't opened the doors.  That is all well and good if it is summertime but it was 4 degrees.  People stood out there upwards of 20 minutes, freezing.  They didn't let people in because they claimed the room was not ready.  Seating is first come, first served.  Whoever designed this place should be shot.  There is no lobby to hold people before a show.  The Improv in Cleveland is superb.  That location has a huge lobby and bar where you can mingle before the show and they have ushers seat you.  The Pittsburgh Improv is a disaster layout-wise.  Beverage service was fine.  It got really, really warm in the room and even the comedian was sweating like a freak show.  Of course Bret and Bill Crawford were as hilarious as ever but man, this Improv, as a comedy venue, sucks.
In the market for unsalted cashews? How about oyster sauce? Ahhh, here's an easy one: bean sprouts?  Well if you are, keep a crystal ball and rabbit's foot handy if you're planning on shopping at this Giant Eagle because you'll need both a soothsaying ability as well as a fair share of luck on your quest at this dive.   For a store of this size, they are frequently out of stock on items as common as jalapeño peppers to specialty foods items like flat rice noodles. Maybe I'm the only person in Homestead buying these items...wait that doesn't make sense, they'd be in stock if I were!  Do yourself a favor and either go to the Greenfield, Regent Square or Kennywood Giant Eagles. All three stores are much smaller but seem to stock rare items like unsalted (or as of late sea salted) Xochitl tortilla chips and Honey Nut Cheerios.
This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once (I really should have known better).  Never again.  My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide, however my pencil skirt was safety pinned to the hanger.  The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than what were placed there by the pins.  Being that it's a pencil skirt designed to have a blouse tucked in, there's no way that I can wear it again.  This was an expensive skirt, completely ruined.  Very disappointed.  Again, this review is just for the dry cleaners.  The rest of the store is actually better than a lot of other GE's I've been to in Pittsburgh.  Just don't take your dry cleaning here.
This is a review of the Pharmacy. After having them screw up a third time I felt that others should know that this is a pharmacy to avoid. The first time they misread a prescription and gave me the wrong dose of Synthroid, about 1/10th of what I needed. I ended up so sick after 2 weeks of taking too little that I was half dead before the problem was caught. Their response when I told them was to say "oops" and "it won't happen again". Not even a sorry, and it never did happen again b/c I went to Costco after that. This latest time was classic. I came with a simple scrip. Costco was closed so I went to Giant Eagle. After 45 minutes the finally inform me that they can't fill it b/c the scrip isn't specific enough (it was for a common antibiotic, nothing complicated). They didn't bother to call me earlier or tell me sooner, just made me wait and wait and wait until I pitched a fit to tell me that they couldn't fill it. It was late and I went to Rite Aid in Sq. Hill with the same exact scrip and they had ZERO issues filling it quickly. WTF? How can it be easy peasy at Rite Aid but Giant Eagle can't even muster the effort to tell me that they are too incompetent to fill it out? I wonder if there is even a legit pharmacist working there at all. It seems like they aren't even staffing the pharmacy with trained techs, just random people off of the street.   Don't waste your time, or risk your health. Go to any other pharmacy in town, avoid Giant Eagle.
Went to Barnes and Noble Waterfront with 3 books on my list.       First one there were several books by the same name so they wanted the name of the author.  Went to look it up on my phone.....Barnes and Noble wifi had blocked me.  Wanted me to sign it and allow them access to my information....NOT.  Long story short they only had one of the 3 books I was looking for and it was $4 less on Amazon....Lost this customer.
The words "epic fail" get thrown around a lot these days....but I really feel like they apply in this situation.  We went on Friday, April 2 and arrived at 5:10pm.  It was busy, but not crowded....no waiting for a table.  Half price apps and drinks -- we ordered at 5:20.  The food (just appetizers, mind you...) didn't arrive till almost 6pm.  Drinks were ordered and were unbelievably slow.  We placed one order for 6 draft beers at 6:15...they arrived at 6:52.  *37 minutes for beer.*  By 7:00, we were canceling food orders which we'd given up on after waiting almost an hour.  We just wanted to leave.  Instead of comping anything, they added 18% gratuity to each of our bills.  Uhhhh yeah.  Thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back.   We finally were able to leave around 7:30.  Bar Louie:  You are dead to me.
We were going to see a movie that started at 9:40pm. The 2 of us got to Bar Louie at 8:30.  We sat outside, and it was nearly 30 minutes before the waiter even stopped to get our order.  I tried stopping a waitress but was told 'this isn't my table'.  Finally the waiter took our order.  1 Sam Adams light bottle, and one Pineapple Juice+Vodka.  After about 15minutes another waiter (maybe the manager I don't know) asked if we had been waited on. We said yes, and told him we had been waiting.  He left, and another (different) waitress came to bring us our drinks.. they were wrong.. My date was given vodka on the rocks. and I was given a Sam Adams..  They took these back, and another 10 minutes before the correct order was served.. We told them to bring another round and the check.  It was 20 minutes before they returned.. and they forgot the check.  By this time we had to go to be on time for the movie.. my date asked for the check again so we could leave.. finally they brought it and I gave him my card, when he came back we signed it and left in a hurry to catch the movie.  for 2 bottle beers, and 2 pineapple juice + vodka I was charged $31.03. I didn't have time to complain or ask. I won't be going back.
When the ratio to wait staff to diners is 3:1 you'd think you could get service!!!  Nothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staff and hungry patrons. I very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first. I came here on Saturday ay 6pm. Almost none of the diners had food on their table and many of them didn't have drinks in the 15 minutes I was there I counted 9 waitress again I counted 9 waitresses and not a one of them came over to our table to get even a drink order. Just from the looks of it I could tell staying any longer would be a total train wreck. So after 15 minutes of waitress counting we left with empty bellies.
I was looking to get out of the apartment on a really nice, sunny day and we decided to drive to Waterfront and walk around. All around great day until we hit Bar Louie for some drinks and appetizers.  I am giving it one star, though it deserves none, because our waitress was nice, if a bit inattentive, and the hummus app we ordered was pretty damn good. Outside of that Bar Louie leaves a lot to be desired.  This is probably the first place I've been to where they charge $10 and up for all mixed drinks. To me, that is beyond ridiculous. Bar Louie is not an upscale restaurant, as much as they wish they were, and paying almost $60 for three drinks and two appetizers is insanity defined.   As I mentioned the waitress was friendly, but she definitely did not come back and check on us enough. I really wanted to like this place because of things I had heard and the drinks we had were really damn good, but if it want to spend that kind of money, I'll go somewhere that I can get good service.
I came here last night to get a few appetizers before a movie, and was hoping to be able to write a review on the food. Unfortunately, I cannot because the service was so bad that I left before I had the chance to order. We found seats at the bar behind the taps. After sitting there for 5 minutes and not being acknowledged, we thought that they might not be able to see us, and so we moved to a different pair of seats in the middle of the bar, grabbing a few menus on the way so we would be ready to order. It was fairly busy, but it is not like there were people standing at the bar trying to get drinks - everyone was seated and I'm sure they face much busier times. We sat in our new seats for almost 15 minutes (I timed it - I am not exaggerating), and were not even acknowledged. You would at least think the bartender would acknowledge us and tell us he would be with us when he could, but despite staring him down almost the whole time, we could not even make eye contact. I hope this is a fluke but will probably not be back to find out.
The absolute worst service I have ever had at any bar or restaraunt.  And, in looking at other reviews, I am not the first.  There are many options at the Waterfront, and I would suggest you try any of them; but stay far away from this place!
Servers are chatting, not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever.
Meh, I just don't see the appeal Bar Louis has to Pittsburghers. I guess this particular restaurant benefits from people who work at the Waterfront stopping in after a shift. It's always packed. Being so close to the AMC theater, they get traffic before and after movies.   It's expensive, the food is so so. Before I get ahead of myself, I had the BBQ ranch chicken salad without chicken. The BBQ ranch dressing was very good, but it's very easy to duplicate at home. It's equal parts ranch dressing and KC Masterpiece hickory BBQ sauce and a drop or two of Worcestershire and a drop of franks hot sauce.   Tuesday is dollar burgers 5 until midnight, daily drink and happy hour selections, but even that's not enough to get me here. Skip it. One caveat for this location, free parking. At Station Square's location you gotta pay to park the jalopy.  I'm eager to see if this place sees a huge drop in business when Burgatory opens across the street.
We stopped here to enjoy a drink before our movie. Our server, was friendly. My husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me. Both drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol.  After I finished my drink, I used my fork to dig for the blackberries at the bottom only to find (to my disgust), a decent sized piece of clear saran wrap! Ugg! Did they muddle the mint into the saran wrap?!!! She comped the drink but we won't be back. Can't speak about the food since we didn't have any but atmosphere was loud and it was difficult to have a conversation without repeating yourself.
I can't even review this place. We sat ourselves and waited for a waitress to take our order, and we waited and waited until we got tired and just left. And I have to be clear it was a Saturday afternoon, maybe like 10 tables with people at them and I saw 3 waitress walking around. I think it's probably a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant, especially since burgatory just opened across the street.
Well it's 9pm on a Tuesday and no tater tots. Dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature. Not very happy. Will try the station square bar Louie next time.
My friends and I went down to the waterfront to enjoy some shopping and have dinner. Everywhere was pretty busy so when we went into Bar Louie we were not upset it took at least ten minutes for a server to come to our table. He immediately brought our waters over and we ordered drinks. Only another 30 minutes until he brought ONE martini over. We ordered our food and after talking to management it still took 45 minutes and our order was messed up. We tried to be understanding when we learned it was only our servers first day but you would think that management would try to help the poor guy out! He didn't get out of the weeds for the 2 hours we were there. Very disappointing and embarrassing on managements part. We weren't the only people having horrible service because when we looked around the bar everyone was upset. I hope they will let the server get some more experience rather than feeding him to the wolves on the second day.
Sign stated "Seat Yourself" so we should have know the service would be horrible from the moment we walked in.  We originally sat upstairs, which was open per the sign.  After 20 minutes we got up and went outside. After 20 minutes outside and after the waitress taking care of and making small talk with the table next to us, we said screw it and walked.  The one other time that I had been there the service was so-so.  I will never go back.  Why should I have to try to track people down to pay for a meal?!?
Should have checked the reviews before we went. I've been to "real" Bar Louie's in other cities. This is not one of them. Was seated for 20 min and no wait staff came to take our order. Several of them made eye contact but did not feel the need to ask if we had been waited on. Awkward. Then someone came over with two plates of food trying to serve us. We thought, here was our big chance to get served, but no, she just walked away. So we left. There are so many restaurants where you can get burgers, just go someplace else.
I just walked into Bar Louie while we wait for our table at Burgatory. We sat down at the bar and one bartender half acknowledged us and said he would "be with us in a minute". We continued to sit there and wait. While she talked to other employees and walked around the bar to talk to the servers. The only other bartender was slowly walking around the other end of the bar. When she finally did make her way to our end she greeted the people who just sat down and ignored us who had been sitting there for 7 minutes. This was NOT a busy time and therefore has no excuse for us having to wait more than 2 minutes for a drink. We got up and walked out and will never be back. I have never had a good experience with Bar Louie no matter where it has been. Their customer service is always subpar. Awful.
Worst bar I have ever been to. They used maybe no alchohol in their drinks and consistency had no meaning here. We ordered three berry mojitos and they were different significantly. I posted a picture, you judge.
I went with some work friends before catching a movie later that night.  We got to Bar Louie a little over 2 hours before the movie started, which left us with hardly any time to spare by the time we were done.  We had a table right away and the server took drink orders, but it took 15 minutes to get our drinks.  She then disappeared for 30 minutes before coming back to take a food order.  The food took almost an hour, and we had only ordered a couple appetizers.  The portions were really small for the price, and most of the food came out burnt.  I did not risk mentioning it at the thought of waiting another hour for new food.  Again, waiting for the server to bring the checks after the meal was an ordeal in itself and took much longer than it should have.    The place was busy, but not overcrowded, what I would expect on a typical weeknight.  There is no excuse for the poor service and food.  On top of that, the restrooms were extremely filthy and clearly had not been stocked or cleaned recently.  Maybe it was just an off night for this place, but I do not plan on going back again and taking that chance.
The worst bar and the worst service in the area. If I could give it 0 stars I would. There is not one positive thing I could say about any times Ive ever been here. It has now been added to my very short list of places I will never step foot in again. Please... Take your hard earned money elsewhere.
Sat at the bar at about 240 Saturday for appetizers and drinks. Not super busy but took over ten minutes for a draft beer and martini. Took 20 for appetizers. No offer to refill drinks or for water. Bartender was organizing glasses or drying glasses...passed us a couple times no eye contact despite empty glasses pushed forward. Others at the bar were also sitting with no drinks, no order taken, and I stress it was not full and the bartender was not busy making drinks. This is the second time this has happened at this location during the day when it's NOT busy. We will stick with Rock Bottom if we are at Waterfront during the day.
I made a reservation for 6 on a Saturday night. When we arrived we were told by one of the waitresses that they didn't make reservations for less than six.Then she changed that to six or less.  I asked to speak with a manager who told me they don't make reservations for less than ten.  They had no record of my reservation.  The manager was rude.  She asked if I had called the right location.  When I confirmed that I had, it was apparent she didn't believe me.  When I told her I had made the reservation about 10 days earlier during a weekday afternoon and had spoken to a gentleman, she told me they only had one male manager and he said he did not make the reservation.  I was told she could try and find something for us, but there was no way to tell how long that would take since it was a Saturday night.  We didn't stay to find out and have no interest in ever experiencing their brand of customer service again!
Valentine's Day! Terrible service. Waitress wasn't attentive at all which would be understandable if it were extremely busy but it was just steady. Food is overpriced for portions.  Small flies flying around restaurant. I investigated myself to see where from and found fly eggs hatching from dirty toilet paper on the floor in the men's room near the corner by the plunger. Mortified by this, my wife and I quickly finished and left. I'll never visit again.
Insanely sticky floors, frozen food that's reheated in a microwave and $10 drinks that tastes like sugar water. Skip this place if you don't want to feel ill after dining.
Dont waste your time with this place.  Long lines, overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait. Half the "rides" were shut down. You're better off with a garden hose. Save your money or buddy up to someone with a pool.
Insanely expensive! $6 parking. $8 locker. $9 wrinkled, burnt hot dog. I really hate this place. Kids received season passes for Christmas present. Brought kids once and will never return. Spent $46 on food and threw most of it away
Other people may have had a better experience with this company but that was not the case for us.  We had rented a limo/bus for a bachelor party.  Our driver Scott, was completely clueless in navigating the city. Constantly making wrong turns and missing exits. All of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go. Each destination took 3-4 times longer to reach due to his incompetence. This caused us to have to skip a couple of our originally planned stops. After returning to the bus after one of our stops we were informed by Scott that the police had come onto the bus and searched it with dogs. Really?!??!  Why??!!  How??!!  We found that our bags had been rifled through and we all felt a little violated and confused. By this point we decided to call it a night. More than half of our passengers didn't care to step back onto the bus and took cabs home.   Just when we thought the worst was over we were wrong. As we enter the highway we realize that Scott has driven all the way up the ramp and onto the highway going THE WRONG WAY!!!  He starts slowly reversing down the ramp while oncoming cars honk and swerve all around us!  Truly terrifying. After that, we were very upset and just wanted to get home. So after several more wrong turns we finally get home. Absolutely terrible night.   So if you'd like to book a party bus that will include a geographically blind driver, unecessary police involvement, a near death experience and just an overall sense of frustration mixed with panic then go with these guys. Otherwise, I would suggest staying far, far away!
The worse "Chinese food", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.
Boo!  What happened to this location?  It used to be happy and fun!  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by?  So sad.
Came here the other day for a late lunch with a friend. The place was pretty dead and we were seated right away. Took 30 minutes for our waiter to show up and we just order both drinks and food then. Took another 30 minutes to just get our drinks (2 beers on draft) and tables who were seated after us were served much faster then us. Finally our food came (soup, salad, boneless wings, and fries). A different server delivered the food and it looked like it had been sitting out for awhile. After being given our food we were completely ignored, along with others in our section. Us and two other tables waited over 45 minutes just to try and ask for our check (one table just got up and left!)   Being a server myself, I try to be very understanding to the wait staff. But this was ridiculous, the restaurant was not even close to busy and my section of about 5-6 tables was ignored.
Quite possibly the worst service and seating arrangement known to mankind. I cannot believe this restaurant is actually redesigned to accommodate bigger crowds better. The wait staff didn't even acknowledge our party  of 9. When they did they seated us at 2 different tables because they couldn't figure out how to accommodate us. See my attached photo of how absurd the situation was because they weren't even busy.
My experience at this Friday's was not what I was expecting. I am always looking for new Friday's locations to eat at. This one, made me want to toss the warm beer the bartender gave me, right in their face.  Anytime I go to a Friday's I order one tall glass of the best beer in America, Bud Light. This beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold. Well, like I said above, the bartender gave me a warm glass of beer and it was not my Bud Light, it was a dumb craft beer.  What is a craft beer? Why was my beer warm? Better than that, why was my pot sticker appetizer in my beer? I did not find this funny at all!
Awful everything. From the bad service, to the diluted soup, to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad, to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE!
Well, it started well. Food was okay. Deep dish pizza was good. But the salad we had - too tiny portion!!! We were greeted and seated well. But later the service was not all good. Bad bad service. First of all we had to ask for everything we wanted. The server didn't even had courtesy to ask if we wanted anything more or would like to go for deserts. She just handed over the check when we even didn't ask for it (we wanted to order more). Later when we talked about this in the front, the girl there also just listened and said "okay", not even a sorry once!!! I would not like to go there again... :(
How does this place still exist of every place on the waterfront!    I won't lie, I do like their Lobster Bisque but every time I've gone it's just over priced, average quality with semi ok service.  Skip this place all together and get pizza at Pizza Company and take it home.
Possibly the worst overpriced pizza there is.  Nearly $20 for a pepperoni pizza for two would be okay if it were good.   Crust is extremely dry and unflavorful.  If you want a good deep dish pizza, try Burghs Pizza and Wing pub in Bridgeville.   Their deep dish is thicker, tastier crust, better sauce, and a lot more cheese/toppings.   Cheaper too.  Service was just barely adequate on this visit.
Was at this location a week ago and it was ok like any chain restaurant is until the bartender didn't wash her hands after leaving the restroom. My girlfriend took her daughter back and while in there the employee came out of the stall and walked right out the door. If this is what they do in front of guests then I'd what they do out of our view. Can't handle basic cleanliness then this is not a place to eat at.
Interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already. I would normally not review a chain retail store, but the service I received today just really got my blood boiling.  I will state, as I always do in these types of situations, that I have worked many years in retail. I know what you're supposed to do. I know the ways I've displayed exemplary service and I know the ways I've slacked off. I get it, I really do.  So I'm in the store early. Hardly any people in there. Weird for the Semi-Annual Sale time of year. Usually it doesn't matter what time you're there during the sale, it's always busy.   I went through my usual bins and picked up a mess of undies and bras. Since no one was at the check out counter and I needed a spot to go through things, I set them down and started to try and chat with the sales chick. I actually always like to do this, just to shoot the breeze, but also to get their opinions on items I'm buying.   The girl behind the counter was having non of this though.I asked her about a bra and she said she didn't know about that one, but said it should work. I understand, you can't try them all. But the thing that really irked me was that she was definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my things on the counter. I even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me. Ghost town. Tumbleweed rolled by. No one.  So I'm going through my stuff and separating what I want and don't want and she's sighing and grabbing things saying "Soooo, you DON'T want these???" Um, I'm not asking you to help me sort things. I'm not holding up a line. I'm just trying to not spend $$$ on an accidental XS pair of undies that got mixed in!   After that, it's not exactly what she said, but how she acted. I have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before. I ended up grabbing my discards and putting them back myself (which I really don't mind doing, but after she huffed and puffed, I didn't even want to deal with her).   The thing is, I was nice the entire time. I don't expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either. Just do what you were hired to do. Be nice and sell some bras. If you come to work in a bad mood, the real world is not going to give you a hug. Suck it up and do your job or work where you don't have to talk to anyone else ever.
Icy cold staff. I have never visited a store with such a bad staff. I went there to return a dress that I bought online. It didn't fit me and all the sales girls ganged up around me and looked at me so horribly, judging me continuously with their eyes going from my head to toe.  After some time, they told me twice that it was such a cute dress while lingering on it like looking at their dead pet. I know it was a cute dress, the very reason why I bought it at the first place. It is not my fault that they don't have dresses in the store to try them on. Dresses are only available online. I had to wait for them to get over with their mourning and then someone to volunteer to process the return so I could get out of that store and breathe.
I hate this place. It's very loud, the service is very poor, and the food is so-so. If you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh, try China Palace (Shadyside) or Sesame Inn (Station Square or North Hills).  They're quieter, with very good food & service.
Honestly, I'm furious. I enjoyed PF Chang's restaurants in the Chicago area, and my wife and I have eaten a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year, we have tried repeatedly, but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early, late -- it never made any difference. The front staff was rude, and the wait was too long.  Tonight, we had a special date planned, and made reservations a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time, waited in the line to see the front staff, and we were promptly handed a pager. They couldn't tell us when we would be seated.  I imagined a short wait, so we went outside, crossed into a store to wait (since the entrance of this location is so packed, it's impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating).  After 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang's and the front office staff still couldn't tell us when we would be seated. I saw open tables.  What on earth is the point of accepting reservations if you do not honor them?  The food here is good, but certainly not great. We went to a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minutes. The food was much better, the service was good even in a crowded busy restaurant. Oh, and the local place was a much more reasonable price.  We certainly will never visit PF Chang's again.
This was my first time at this PF Chang's and I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small.   They were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music?! Come on--this is an "Asian Bistro."
Rude unwelcoming short haired black hostess. Drinks were not good. Greasy spring  rolls   Below par on every way.  No experience needed to work here
Walked in tonight, Wednesday, at 9:50, the place was empty. Asked for a table, the hostess told us one moment when she finds one for us, then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!
We went last night Saturday night to P.F.Chang located at the Kierlands in Scottsdale. Terrible Experience!!! after waiting over one hour to be seated, we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side. then I ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce . After a long wait my food came so salty that I could not even eat and as much as I hate to complain but I had to let the waiter know, so he went to get me one with less salt. My husband's dish was OK. then the second one was a bit less salty but the meat had a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach. I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :(
Let me start off by saying I have mostly simple tastes, and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations, I was forced to try something new.  So... I thought I'd try the chain PF Chang's Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow, what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.  I started with a cup of their Wonton soup. At $2.95 it wasn't too outrageous of a price, the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than I was used to, including three giant basil (I think?) leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken, two shrimp, some sliced water chestnuts and two "pork"-filled wontons. As I said, the broth had decent flavor, but the wontons were thick, doughy and under-cooked, and the chicken chunks were dry, which is amazing since they were drowned in broth! On a scale of bad to good, it was kind of meh.  Next came my "lunch-portion" order of Chang's Kung Pao Chicken (the dinner portion is $5 more).   At the New Dumpling House, this dish is served with a delectable dark, rich, tangy sauce, which I was really hoping for... Not at PF Chang's.   On my plate I received about 8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken, 7 hot Chinese red chili peppers (mostly inedible unless they are diced into a sauce), a handful of blanched, unsalted peanuts, a few sliced scallions, and a bed of the most bland brown rice I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would've been ashamed if that stuff came out of one of his boxes.  Glaringly, there was NO SAUCE!. None at all.  I've had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City, San Francisco, and even from a hole in the wall in Bethel Park, PA that was much, much better. Never have I had it served in such a bland, skimpy, and overpriced way! The "lunch-portion" cost was $9.95.  At The New Dumpling House, I could have a delicious lunch, with soup, entree and complimentary hot tea, and I could leave satisfied with just $8 out-of-pocket -- and that includes the tip.  The service was decent. However, lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs.
The only thing this place has going for itself is the decor. The food is very Americanized and not true at all of what real Chinese good should look or taste like, and the host/hostess think their doing us a favor by seating us.
Dumb, dumber and dumbest are running the hostess stand. They gave me 7 different estimates on the wait time, none of which was accurate. John Tapper is needed on this property.
I went with my family late at night ,the food was not good at all , it looked like the left over , I hate it. The service was not that professional!!!!!!
We hadn't been at PF Changs for awhile and now I remember why.... The service was terrible. The silverware was dirty. We waited almost 15 minutes for water glasses to be brought to the table. The waiter forget several things we asked for and above all, the food was tasteless and the portion sizes smaller than lunch sized portions. We were there before the dinner crowd started so the lack of service or food quality can't be blamed on a busy time. Don't think we will be going back there.
I was a little peeved that the gluten free version of the Buddha Feast cost $10.50 when the regular version cost $9.50. So you're charging a dollar more to give me the gluten-free version of a veggie, tofu, and rice platter?? Regardless, it's worth it to get the gluten-free soy sauce (which I buy for myself and I know isn't THAT expensive). When my dish comes out, it's literally just steamed veggies and rice. No tofu, no seasoning or sauce. I ask why there's no tofu and the response is that the tofu has gluten in it. When I ask if there should be any sauce (aka flavor) to the dish I'm informed I could've ordered any other gluten-free dish's sauce to go along with it. Thanks for the info now...yes I'll take the GF beef broccoli sauce on the side. The sauce comes out and it's actually tasty so my food was finally interesting enough to eat, even though now I'm extra annoyed at paying $10.50 for steamed veggies and rice and why the menu made no mention that you wouldn't get flavor or tofu.  To top it all off based on how miserable I feel now, I'm pretty sure the beef broccoli sauce they brought out contained gluten anyway! So I paid more, got less, and still got gluten in my food!?!?  Not a happy customer. Not going back. Not going to recommend it to anyone.
Went there today to have my birthday lunch, it was about 1:45 so the place was not crowded AT ALL. Got seated not far from the hostess station and sat for close to 15 mins without anyone coming to the table, no water, nothing. The table next to us who got seated after us had a server and water by the time we left. Got up to leave and the hostess said "is everything OK" I said "no, no one ever came over"and we went to Bravo and had a great lunch! I like PF Chang's in general but if the 2 hostesses watched us sit there for 15 mins I have no idea why they didn't do something. I won't be going back here anytime soon.
If I had to use one word to describe my experience : Depressing. And even that is being generous.       I came in with two of my friends for new years eve before continuing on to the remainder of the evening. We ordered drinks at the bar while we waited for our table. My friend and I ordered the Asian pear mojito, which was decent. My other guest ordered a jack and coke and was immediately depressed to discover that it was all jack Daniels and a splash of coke for color.    When we got to the table, we were hoping for a better experience. Little did we realize, we would suffocate while holding our breath.        We ordered the combination fried rice, described  containing egg, chicken, pork, shrimp, and beef. When it arrived to the table, the only egg that was present was the ones we were wearing on our faces.      We also ordered the honey chicken and the beef with broccoli and again hoped for better quality. There were no complaints with the chicken, the only star of this evening.        The beef was disappointing to say the very least. To start, the kitchen sent out Mongolian Beef, rather than the intended entree. When they refired the dish, and it was presented, it looked better than it actually was. Never in my life have I bit into a piece of beef and instantly fear cracking a tooth. The beef in the dish was tough, and crunched (again a new first for me).                It will most likely be a very long time before I return. My only regret is I cannot leave a 1/2 star rating.
Let's put the food aside here for a moment.  Let's talk about customer service for a moment.  Earlier this week, I had the misfortune of dining at the Waterfront P.F. Changs.  It was bitter cold outside. Their food is usually good, so my husband and I ducked in to get a bite before we went to the movies.  We were seated and we quickly ordered because we wanted to make our show time.  I didn't notice it at first, but I soon realized that it was cold in the restaurant. I asked about the heat and I was told that there was no heat - that it had broken earlier that day.  I asked our server why they hadn't mentioned this when we came in.  Well, I already know the answer to that - we would have turned around a gone somewhere else.  Then the manager came over and apologized.  I mentioned to him that it might have been nice to be warned about the heat (as I sat there in my coat).  He seemed to agree with me, but still allowed at least another 20 people enter the restaurant without saying a word to them. Not one word. Oh, he did offer me some dessert. That's what they usually do when someone has f**ked up.  In this case it didn't matter.  I quickly ate and left to make my movie.  This is the second bad experience I've had at this particular location.  Last time I was there, the floor was pretty dirty which always makes me nervous.  What does the kitchen look like?  I'm not against P.F. Chang's because it is a chain I have gone to in other states and have always liked the food.  This location needs to get their act together.
My girlfriend and I just ate here this was my first time eating at PF Changs but I had heard very good things about this restaurant. Starting with the service the server did not ever tell me his name I am also a waitress so I expected good service to begin with he was very quiet and when we did receive our food he never came back to ask how it was he was not very attentive at all however we both work in the service industry so we decided to give the food a chance since that's what we had come here for. My girlfriend got an appetizer of the edamame and the fried green beans the edamame was very Bland and needed seasoning the green beans were not spectacular although she did say that she enjoyed the sauce. for entrees I had the sweet and sour chicken I have had sweet and sour chicken from several other Chinese restaurants including take out and I was very displeased with the sauce and the poportion I've had better for cheaper. My girlfriend had the chicken fried rice which was fine but it's also a very easy dish overall we rated this restaurant with one star because we did not even care to stay for dessert even though the desert did look appetizing. I am pretty disappointed in my first experience I don't think that I will return again but you never know
One of the more embarrassing chains around. Basically a culinary minstrel show. Make-believe "Asian" food served alongside alcohol to full the senses, which would be necessary to enjoy this place.
I reserved a car onilne via Enterprise's 800-number. I was told my car would be $57 for a three-day rental, including fees and taxes.  When I got to the local office to pick up my car, I was told that I needed insurance. Okay, that's fine. The man at the desk told me the rate was (his words) "Seven dollars a day." He said this at least twice. Over the course of the conversation, that became "$25 for three days." I didn't think much of that, because "seven dollars a day" works out to close to "$25 for three days." And when I got the actual receipt, it was $25 for EACH day. And as we all know, "$25 for three days" is very different from "$25 a day."  In addition to that, my rental was a little more than the $57 I was quoted on the 800-number. Not much more, but enough to make it not right.  So, my $57 rental, plus $7/day insurance, should have been about $88. Instead, my total was about $129.  Bottom line, Enterprise can't be trusted. Not at this location, at least. I will never use them again, and plan to talk to the Better Business Bureau about their business practices when I return to town on Monday.
Non existent internet service.   I came here to do some work on my laptop and the internet speed wasn't strong enough.  :(
Stopped by Sunday morning. The light roast coffee was cold. I ordered a Steak & Egg breakfast sandwich. The Steak was ice cold. The slice of tomato that I had them add was not ripe. Panera quality should be consistent no matter what location you visit. Very disappointing considering their pricing structure.
DO NOT EAT THE PASTRIES! We saw the manager do a nightly count of all the pastries and touched everyone with his fingers (no gloves). I commented and said excuse me you are touching all of the pastries with no gloves??! He looked at me and said, "I'm not touching them I'm only tapping them". Yuk, i said that's disgusting people have to eat that. He looked at me and went in the back. I told the cashier Thomasina that i would be calling the owner.. that's unexceptable. She reluctantly gave me the owners name. Luke I'll be calling U tmrw!
Service here has gone considerably downhill. Orders messed up, longtime staples on their menus dropped, and prices jacked up. Needless to say, will be my last time going there.
My experience here was not great at all. I went in like 2 weeks ago attempting to get help with my home phone. I walked into this store expecting to be greeted by an elderly gentleman, alas i wasn't and when i walked back to the home phone department to get assistance they told me my geek squad warranty was no good here. I told the ignorant employee that i was asking just for a new one for free... how simple can that be. I paid 10 extra for my geek squad support and they couldnt even give me my free home phone that i deserved. I asked to speak with a manager and he told me to leave. After the police came and escorted the WRONG person out!!! I went to a more freindly store best buy electronics and they took care of me. I will never go back to target ever AGAIN.   1 star
Let's start this review by saying that when we are at that point, my girlfriend and I will be going to Jos. A. Bank for mine and my groomsman's suits.  Allow me to give you a numbered breakdown of the issues we encountered when renting from Men's Wearhouse to be the groomsmen in our friends wedding.  1- They never contacted us after the fitting after saying there would be a followup call.  The other groomsmen and I had to follow up repeatedly to get an answer as to when our tuxedos would arrive and the staff were very short with our honest questions over the phone. 2- They sent two of our tuxedos to Homestead when we asked for them to be sent to Ross Park Mall during the fitting. 3- When one of us called two days prior to the wedding to ask if our tux's had arrived the guy answering the phone said "Oh... I don't know" (insert an awkward, pregnant pause here while waiting for him to say "Let me check that for you") he instead said "Well, I'm going to hang up now."  And he made good on that promise, and hung up. 4- Despite saying we'd get a call a few weeks ahead of the wedding to be resized in case one of us gained a few lbs over the winter, this call never came so we basically had to hope that everything fit as it needed to. 5- We were at one point informed that MW had our emails on file and that when our tuxes arrived at the store we would receive an email letting us know.  Not a single groomsman received any such email to that effect. 6- One of the groomsmen randomly received a black tie while everybody else had white.  Another received no studs.  We discovered this approximately two hours to show-time while relatively far from civilization. 7- On picking up my tux I informed the associate "I'll be unable to get to a Men's Wearhouse for a few days after the wedding, is this alright?" to which she responded "Yeah that should be fine" so when my girlfriend graciously dropped off my tux for me a few days later and learned of the $100 late fee, I was totally caught off guard. 8- My girlfriend was also caught totally off guard by the associate at Ross Park Mall who was incredibly rude to her when  he informed her of said late fee. 9- As the Best Man I was given a coupon card for $50 off my next rental at Men's Wearhouse.  Since I am in another wedding next month with rentals from MW I figured this would be an opportune time to use it.  Imagine my shock while paying for the next weddings rental, when I presented the coupon and was told "Oh, that isn't for this.  That is intended for YOUR wedding.  Oh and it expires on December 31st of this year."  10- The groom himself decided to use a coupon to purchase a suit for the wedding and to own, rather than rent a tux for the occasion.  He was ensured by the Homestead staff that the coupon would be fine for this purpose and got fitted for it.  When he went to pick up his suit and pay with the aid of said approved coupon he was instead forced into an argument with an associate who insisted he could not use the coupon towards the suit that an associate a few weeks earlier had insisted he could use.  Granted, now I am speaking for another person so take that with as much salt as you may, but he reiterated this fact to me several times prior to his wedding last week.  Over my friends wedding weekend, any time anything even went slightly wrong at and around his wedding, the joke between the Groom and his Groomsmen was "Effing Men's Wearhouse."  For example, at a restaurant, "Wait I asked for no onions on this sandwich. - Effing Men's Wearhouse!"  "Noise complaint at the hotel room? Men's Wearhouse."  Another groomsman looked at me when we discovered the wrong color tie one of us received and said to me "I hope you're taking notes for your own impending wedding" to which I replied "Perhaps I could find better service from GoodWill of Western PA"  Congrats Men's Wearhouse.  You became the butt of every joke for every mishap for an entire weekend around a wedding to which you provided the suits.  TL;DR - 10 mistakes, several rude associates and 1 future groom going to Jos. A. Bank.
Let me start out by saying that my husband loves the MW at Westmoreland Mall, and even rented his tux there for our wedding without issue. Last year, he also rented a tux there for an out-of-town wedding he was in. After the wedding was over (the next day, before we returned home), we returned the tux to a MW at the local mall, also sans any issues.  Recently, said husband got a promotion and bought some dress pants and shirts from MW at the mall, and was sent a $50 gift card. Last weekend, we decided to head down to The Waterfront....lo and behold, there's a MW in Homestead. Who knew? So, we head to MW to see if he can get something for free. Before we go in, I ask him, how much are pants normally at MW? He said, oh about $50 or $60. Okay, well the cheapest pair of pants we find are around $130, but most around $200?! I'm shocked, never thought men's dress clothes were so pricey. Again, who knew? Surprisingly, we were able to sift through the sale racks and were able to find one pair of pants on sale for $19.99 and dress shirts for $14.99! Very exciting!   The problem was the staff and the store itself. First of all, the store was messy. Sales racks had clothes out of place and shirts rolled up, not a good impression for a 'high end' men's clothing store, not to mention it was hard to look for sizes etc. with everything out of place.  The biggest issue was with the staff. There were five employees in the store. Okay, I get it, they work on commission, but seriously. The one and only employee who approached us, and I can't remember her name but she was a middle-aged Russian woman- was a shark! She asked if we need help, we both say no, we're fine. Just looking. I am much more assertive than my husband, however, which she realized right away. Needless to say, she wouldn't leave us alone. I tried several times - nicely - to tell her we were just looking around. My husband said, I'm looking for some dress shirts and pants. maybe a tie. She just doesn't get it...keeps asking "Do you want to look at more ties?" "We have nice blazers and jackets" I'm finally like, lady we're only here because we have a gift card, we don't plan on spending a ton of money. Getting her to leave us alone was near impossible. If it would have been me alone, I would have walked out. However, I knew my husband wanted to use the gift card.  The worst part is there were other customers in the store that no one was waiting on. Some of which were looking around for assistance. I didn't get it.  Continuing on, check out was a nightmare! Each and every item rang up more than the price tag. She had to end up cancelling the sale and re-doing the whole thing. We had to carefully scrutinize every thing she rang up, to make sure we weren't overcharged. We ended up going over the $50 - obviously. So, she says, "You can swipe your card there." I said, "We have cash" and omg you would have thought it was the end of the world. They had no money in the drawer and she actually had to send another employee in the back to get us change.   Let's just say, I'm sure my hub won't returning here anytime soon. You can buy nice men's clothing almost anywhere else for less money and less hassle.   Pros: None
Worst customer service. From the minute you enter, you can sense the air of racism inside the store. There was no one to help and even if you request for service, their  demeaning attitude and lack of personality gave the sense of suffocation and one would feel like getting out of the store immediately. Unfortunately, they portray themselves as the wannabe Brook Brothers, but they fail to provide customer service as Brook Brothers . I would rather continue to go to Brook Brothers and pay $50 more for shirts and good customer experience without racism. It is a pity that racism still exists. Mens wearhouse is never going to get my online and retail businesses.
Yikes! Awful experience.  My husband is a popular guy, in lots of weddings in the last couple years and he's an unusual size -- 44 Long.   During the pickup just 3 short days ago at the Waterfront location - for which he was measured 16 weeks ago - I asked "why is this thing like a trash bag on my handsome stud", their response of "oh sorry, nothing we can do about it" was a complete lie. "We can't alter rentals, sorry".   You see, on the return label I noticed the jacket was a 48L.   Remember I said he's actually a 44Long?  Men's Wearhouse on of the Waterfront gave my husband a tux not one, but TWO FULL SIZES TOO LARGE.   Future grooms -- rent your tux from a local provider. Or, better yet, send your groomsmen to a professional tailor to get measured for free. Then, order your tuxes online from Vietnam.   You'll get a tux to keep for the same price as a rental from a craptastic wage slave in the US.
This store has such bad service. The service staff are rude rude rude.  Save your money, shop elsewhere.
I love BBB; however, this location is terrible. It is RARE that I find an employee that actually helps you voluntarily. I feel that everyone hates their jobs, especially the manager, Davina. I work at a more upscale retail store and I feel it is my responsibility to genuinely welcome, smile, greet, and service our clients. Maybe I'm reaching too high with BBB. I feel they expect YOU to greet THEM and make THEM feel comfortable. I never could understand this mentality. Maybe they should pay ME for this responsibility.
Ugh. I've always been an Eat n Park fan, but this place was awful. It was a Friday night and granted it was pretty busy, but gawwwwwd. It seemed like every single employee was around 16 years old. The service was very slow. We ordered an appetizer platter and cheese fries to split. Easy enough, right? Well they didn't fry anything long enough so it was soggy and all the breading was falling off everything. My drink was never refilled. Even worse, we noticed ants crawling all over the window sill next to us!  Half an hour later the server decides to ask "You gettin' dessert?" We ordered slices of pie to go. My "slice" of strawberry pie was two strawberries and a few crumbs of crust. We went up front to pay to find one lady at the register (who seemed to be the sole adult employee) counting her drawer and nobody else in sight. We stood there and evil eyed her for a few minutes and she finally took a break from her conversation to say someone would be with us. A few more minutes and finally the girl who was our server rings us up. I asked for a different, ACTUAL slice of pie, which she managed to get about five minutes later. Basically the whole experience was pure torture, which is disappointing.
Went here on a Saturday night.  Despite being busy, we were seated quickly but unfortunately that was the only good part of the visit.  I ordered the buffalo chicken mac and cheese and after about 30 minutes, it arrived with dry burnt fries and "toast" that was not toasted at all.  The most egregious error was within the macaroni itself-- there was not a single drop of hot sauce in the dish whatsoever!  I waited about 15 more minutes until the server came back to tell her my dish was lacking a primary ingredient.  She asked if I wanted some hot sauce on the side to put on myself, but it had taken so long to deliver and for her to return to our table that the macaroni was stone cold and no amount of hot sauce would have saved it.  She took it back to the kitchen and brought me a new one, but didn't offer any sort of apology or compensation.  By the time I finally got to have a bite of my dinner, it was 55 minutes into our visit and my girlfriend had already finished her meal.  I could overhear people around us complaining about their food being incorrect or delivered to the table cold so I doubt I'll be coming back here any time soon.
Possibly the worst dining experience I've had.  My husband and I were riding the bike trail in Pittsburgh and we decided to grab a bite to eat here since this location is right along the trail.  We noticed there were many tables open on the patio so we requested to sit outside.  It was rather busy inside so we waited patiently for 20 minutes until it was our turn to be seated.  The hostess then took us to a table inside the restaurant.  Not wanting to be rude, I asked if they were not putting anyone outside for some reason... She said the person who took our name didn't indicate that we wanted to sit outside (however, I watched her write "patio" next to our name).  We were then led outside and told to sit where ever we wanted... Because it was still basically empty...   Finally happy to be seated, we waited another 10 minutes or so for our waitress to come.  She asked if we were ready to order both our meals and drinks so we did.  It took another 10 minutes to get our drinks which we quickly drank because we were thirsty from riding.  We were able to get a refill before we got our food since it took over 40 minutes from the time we ordered it.  The waitress came back one more time after we were done eating and I asked it I could talk to someone about how long everything took but she did not seem interested.  No apology.   Nothing.  She simply said that sometimes they aren't told when someone is seated outside.  Maybe that would explain the initial wait but why the terrible service after she clearly knew we were there?  This Eat'n Park is a joke.  Extremely slow service and a rude waitress on top of it.  The food was ok, but paying for that meal made me feel like I was being robbed.  A group of people at the table next to us walked out after waiting 10-15 minutes for a waitress to acknowledge them.  Even when a woman at the table asked our waitress if she could order drinks, she just went inside and ignored them.  Whoever manages this restaurant should be ashamed!
This has to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront. From the second I walked in the door no one acknowledged my sister or myself for at least five to ten minutes, which I thought was weird because they were not busy. The manager, who was standing close and talking to another employee looked briefly at us, didn't smile or welcome us, turned and continued her conversation. We finally get sat at a booth that the hostess sloppily wiped off, left crumbs all over the seat and left old trash sitting on the table. We sat in the booth for ten minutes waiting for someone to come wait on us before I finally decided enough was enough and left. My sister loves Eat n Park but every time I enter the waterfront store I'm severely disappointed.    I've been a manager and a cook at two very busy restaurants in Oakland for over six years so I know what I'm talking about. I have never let anyone stand in a doorway like that, I would wait on you myself until the waitress could get to you. It is appalling to see what that place has become. I will never go back to that place again.
The waitress there are extremely rude .  On two occasions that I went there the same rudeness was there in 2 of the older wait staff.   Not sure what this is about..??  The first time a lady friend of mine did not order the Buffett and the watress tried to charge me..then proceeded to argue with me...lol..this morning.. another older last kept rolling her eyes at every quetion I had...lol...NEVER GO THERE AGAIN..
Every time I have come to this location I have been disappointed with the service, the food, the cleanliness and/or the wait. I don't understand how their HQ is next door and this location is such a step down from other locations.   This visit the salad bar was notably missing items, the soups at the salad bar were practically empty and watery. The restroom was dirty. The coffee was stale. And the steak salad ordered off the menu was browned head lettuce with "steakums" looking meat. Further, while I was at the salad bar, an employee and presumably a manager were discussing another employee who was always late and not able to effectively do his job and were also complaining about patrons not putting the serving spoons back in an upright position after use.   I don't think I will come back to this location. The location on Streets Run Rd and Clairton Blvd is the exact opposite of this location. I will take my business there.
I recently went into this Eat N Park and had a HORRIBLE experience. The food was sub par and the seating, if you want to call it that, made my butt hurt for weeks. I had a hard time sitting down right for almost a week and a half. How can a restaurant not have proper seating for its paying customers? I shouldn't have to eat this sub par food in a booth that feels like a home for grizzly bears.  Oh, and don't get me started when I asked for the wine list. I enjoy a nice glass of red wine when I indulge myself in an all you can eat buffet. Trying to eat "fresh" pineapple with no wine just breaks my heart.
My experience was subpar at best the hostess didnt even offer to take our coats.  Our table was terrible we sat in an hard cusioned like material which hurt my bottom and when the "waitress" offered us water it did not taste like it was bottled in spain like we asked for in the beginning. Our evening then became even more nightmarish than one could ever hope for. We asked for the fresh tilapia stuffed with creme freshe and the waiter looked at us like we were foreigners something. So we had to settle for chicken fingers. And when i went to the restroom to pass those horrendous monstrosities of mutated chicken there wasnt even one of those bathroom people there to offer me a towel and their colourful company. i had to end up toweling myself with a blow dryer. I still tipped the blow dryer by inserting silver dollars into those slots. Overall you will never see me there again and i will take my business to Applebee's.
I'm not a mean reviewer, if you look at the other places I've reviewed, but this was just so so so disappointing. The Shanghai style Merlin was very poorly done. The meat was extremely bland, with very little seasoning. I have a very low sodium tolerance and yet I still found this fish to be made too bland. The rice was entirely uncooked and it made crunching sounds as I took my first bite. I talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side. It wasn't the same. The whole dish was a fail and I don't think I am ever coming back again :(
Will I come here again?  Yes absolutely for drinks, they knocked the Ketel One extra dirty blue cheese olive martini outta the park.  The ambiance is very nice.  Of the 4 types of reviews I give (awesome, OK, bad where they get slammed and bad where I hope they improve) here I am giving the heartfelt "bad where I hope they improve."  Our waitress was very friendly and did a good job.  I mentioned the gritty redskins of the mashed potato.  We went with appetizers she recommended.  Not good.    Seared ahi tuna: horrible flavors mixed with the rub, the prep, the tuna wasn't cool inside, the chips were not good, there was no soy sauce but there was wasabi.  NOT good.  With heartfelt advice, compare this against Outback's ahi tuna appetizer and it's no contest.  The chef should do so.  (He's a nice guy like me I hope.)    BBQ shrimp: go try Redstone's (Philly) buffalo shrimp appetizer.  It is chilled, very delicious.  This appetizer was recommended and was garbage.  The barbecue sauce was horrible, overwhelmed and left an unsavory aftertaste in both my and my clients' palate.  Gordon Food Service or Sysco BBQ sauce.  A real "must-miss".    Cod entree was OK.  The skillet beans were too firm, too mature, they need petite green beans.  Potato skin had grit in the mashed.  Why 1 star?  The price was close to Capital Grille, but far from the cuisine.  I hope they spruce it up.  The place is nice.
I have always had a great dinner at Mitchell's but something has changed. Went there last night about 5:30, the place was maybe half full. We were seated and when it finally occurred to us that no one had been to the table at all to ask about drinks or even bring water, I started timing.... 14 minutes later we decided to leave. Told the hostess what had happened and got a blank stare.  Sorry but not going back there again.
Went here for happy hour.  Initially, service was prompt, but after the first drink order, we had to track a server down in the kitchen to take the food order.  It took so long to get, we just left.   Will never go back.
Whoever gave this place 4 or five stars must be out of their minds. Had dinner here in July and it was so so. I was looking for a fish place in town again, and figured, after reading positive reviews that it had improved. Yikes. Bad decision.   The staff seemed put out that anyone was here at all, and were seemingly puzzled by the menu. I watched two bartenders trying to figure out how to make a strawberry daiquiri for 5 minutes, which was admittedly entertaining.   I ordered the chowder and the crab cakes. The chowder was basically flour stew with potatoes. I'm guessing that there may have been a clam or two in there somewhere, but you couldn't taste it if there was through the flour.   The crab cakes were definitely frozen, and not made from blue crab. If you're going to offer Chesapeake crab cakes, they had damn well better be the real deal. Zero flavor and dry as hell. Stringy, Asian crab that was definitely pre-made. Terrible.   I don't like to rip a spot, but this was a seriously weak restaurant. Don't know why I expected western PA to offer up the goods, but if Chicago can do it well, why not Pittsburgh. Best analogy- the Olive Garden of seafood
Very disappointing Easter dinner.  We had eaten here twice last year and the service was impeccable, food delicious, piping hot.  I did not realize that Ruth's Chris had sold to Landry's, the change is not a good one.  We made reservations for five and were seated promptly, drinks were brought.  A very good crab dip and salads were enjoyed by all.  Then the main courses arrived.  First let me say that something occurred because the table seated after us of the same size were served first. Finally four of our five meals were brought.  The hush puppies and fries were cold, the seafood was ok, the coleslaw was warm as if it had all sat under a warming light.  The planked salmon was good but not hot.  Five minutes later the $32 Easter special came out. One tiny lobster tail with some salty stuffing. No discernible seafood in the stuffing.  4 small very dry over cooked shrimp with a blob of salty stuffing, a large blob of cold dry hard mashed redskins.  We were all shocked.  Our waitress, who was actually wonderful felt terrible and knew something had gone wrong when she saw the other table served before us and then us short a plate.  She spoke to her manager several times and asked him to talk to us.  When he finally did he told me he was sorry and that I should have told him sooner so he could fix it???  He was very rude to us.  Offered us a free dessert. I told him he couldn't possibly think I was going to pay for inedible food. He begrudgingly took  the price of 2 of the less expensive entrees off the bill.  I had been looking forward to this holiday meal for weeks.  His poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday.  I will never go back.  Stephen Gray, manager of Mitchells in Homestead, you should be ashamed of how you treated us.  Landry's needs to look into this restaurant if they expect people to keep coming.  Those prices are only acceptable for fantastic food and service.
I am posting my review again as it was not deemed important enough to keep.  Funny within days I was contacted by customer service of Landry's asking for my contact information. I gave it twice and no one bothered to contact me.  Stay far away from this place.  Extremely high priced for below average food.  What a disappointing Easter dinner.  We had eaten here twice last year and the service was impeccable, food delicious, piping hot.  I did not realize that Ruth's Chris had sold to Landry's, the change is not a good one.  We made reservations for five and were seated promptly, drinks were brought.  A very good crab dip and salads were enjoyed by all.  Then the main courses arrived.  First let me say that something occurred because the table seated after us of the same size were served first. Finally four of our five meals were brought.  The hush puppies and fries were cold, the seafood was ok, the coleslaw was warm as if it had all sat under a warming light.  The planked salmon was good but not hot.  Five minutes later the $32 Easter special came out. One tiny lobster tail with some salty stuffing. No discernible seafood in the stuffing.  4 small very dry over cooked shrimp with a blob of salty stuffing, a large blob of cold dry hard mashed redskins.  We were all shocked.  Our waitress, who was actually wonderful felt terrible and knew something had gone wrong when she saw the other table served before us and then us short a plate.  She spoke to her manager several times and asked him to talk to us.  When he finally did he told me he was sorry and that I should have told him sooner so he could fix it???  He was very rude to us.  Offered us a free dessert. I told him he couldn't possibly think I was going to pay for inedible food. He begrudgingly took  the price of 2 of the less expensive entrees off the bill.  I had been looking forward to this holiday meal for weeks.  His poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday.  I will never go back.  manager of Mitchells in Homestead, you should be ashamed of how you treated us.  Landry's needs to look into this restaurant if they expect people to keep coming.  Those prices are only acceptable for fantastic food and service.
What has happened to this place? It use to be the best around; now within the last few months it has gone completely down hill. The quality is completely gone, portions are smaller, prices higher. From what I read it's a company change, but how could this make a place go from wonderful to horrible so quickly? The server even tried pushing a diners club program on us!!! Who would pay for a dining program to this place!?!? That's right, I said pay! The company wants you to pay for a membership! Why should a loyal customer pay to be rewarded for being LOYAL??? Why would anyone even pay for such lousy food? The place is not even kept up anymore. The atmosphere has become dingy and even the dish my $30 + meal came out on felt grimy!!! My silver was even wrapped in torn linens! Where is the management? How can they allow such expensive meals to go out on dirty dishes? Where has my wonderful night out gone? I use to look forward all week to when having a night out here. Now I don't even want to drive past! Even the staff is miserable anymore. Everyone use to be so pleasant and welcoming, and now they seem run down and well, miserable. I've come back now 3 times hoping my experiences were flukes, unfortunately this place is just not what it use to be! I'm sad knowing my favorite restaurant is now gone!Do yourself a favor and don't waste your hard earned money here. You will be nickeled and dimed for everything only to receive nasty frozen sea food on dirty dishes with ratty linens, from miserable workers.
I have tried time and time again, to get myself to like this place and every time it's more disappointing than the last time.   I had a take out order today, and when I called to place the order, I could tell that instantaneously, the bartender taking my order was not going to be a pleasure. Well that was an understatement.   When I arrived to pick up my order, there was class A attitude from the minute I walked in with the bartender. Then I had a total of 5 bags and 2 fountain drinks (which she said she had absolutely nothing to put them in for me), and I asked her if she could help me carry the bags to my car.  Her reply "no. I have tables I need to take care of."   I don't expect over-the-top service at this restaurant, but I do expect a smile, a nice and pleasant attitude, along with a little helpfulness. If you aren't having a good day, don't take it out on customers.
This is a really hard review for me to write, simply because I cannot for the life of me find the words to explain the food. Lackluster, no, not really...Mediocre...no....Pedestrian/average/common...huh uh. Just 'eh.' It wasn't awful, terrible or even bad, and it wasn't great, good or even fine. It was just....edible, I guess.   We started with shrimp dumplings from the happy hour menu and the BF got seafood gumbo. I thought the gumbo was decent; he said 'eh', however we both agreed the dumplings were 'eh'.  I got something called the market trio, which came with creole style rice, corn, a crab cake, a hunk of salmon and 5 shrimp. It wasn't terrible, inedible food, it was just....not good. And for $28 I wish I would have just gotten a bowl of the gumbo. The only thing that seemed to have any flavor was the rice. The BF got a crab and lobster stuffed cod, which again, was not bad just not good. It had a lemony-buttery sauce, that didn't taste quite lemony or buttery somehow.  I know this is a stupid thing to gripe about, but I hatehatehate when restaurants charge necessarily high prices for pop. Soda, cola, pop, call it what you want, but it should never be more than $2.50. I usually just drink water with lemon, but I had a headache, so I ordered a coke. $325!! And having a BF who works for a restaurant, I know that pop costs them pennies! I see $2-2.50; some people drink glass after glass of the stuff, but $3.25 is simply ridiculous. Especially when the food kinda sucks. And I read other reviews and the decor is not classy. It's like it's trying to be classy, but real classy restaurants know its' not classy. It was a little like an over-priced, under-flavored Red Lobster without the kickass cheese biscuits. But when your food sucks at Red Lobster, you can always fill up on the delicious biscuits.
Quality food is low my shrimp and scallops were bland  and overcoat it came out about 10 minutes after the first dinner was served I think it was just  left under the heat lamps.  My wife's dish came out completely wrong Manager did not charge us for those two meals but it still seem very expensive.
We were really looking forward to the acclaimed restaurant scene in our hometown of Pittsburgh, after having retired to Arizona 6 years ago.  We had remembered Mitchell's Fish Market as excellent for seafood, as well as (surprisingly) steak. Wow, were we disappointed!!!!!  The near-empty parking lot at 8:00 PM on a Friday was the first clue. The misunderstandings about the reservation and being treated accusingly by the front greeters who were arguing with each other was the second clue.  The lack of availability of the first 3 choices we made from the menu was the third clue.  The shoe really dropped when the food came.  Both my blackened cod, the steamed vegetables with it and the side of asparagus in hollandaise were ALL cold, dry and hard.  The cod portion was tiny.  MY partner's fillet of beef ordered "medium rare to medium well with some pink" was black on the outside, dry, cold and very well done.  Others in our party of six had similar experiences with just plain tough batter-dipped and greasy fried fish for one and cold, dry, small portion of "fresh" fish for another.  We were told that this place had changed management in the past 5 years.  In light of its poor quality of food at upscale prices, Mitchell's Fish Market deserves to fail and close.
We enjoyed this place on our first visit. Today we made the mistake showing up on a late Sunday afternoon. Nobody at all in the front. A few uninterested waiters wandering in back. We finally sat at the bar only to have the bartender disappear for 15 minutes. We finally just walked out to go elsewhere. Bottom line: if you're not read for customers then just close the place until dinner service begins.
Very bad purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my request to return it. I am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore.
What kind of shitty store advertises winter gear, makes you drive all the way out there to not have any winter pants available the first week of February?  These a holes.  Glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its 17 degrees outside.
A group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park across the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive. We where the only normal people in this place. The kids next to us who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail 2 times in their life. You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we where in there my friend got hit on by 2 girls and they gave him there numbers while the other young guy across the table yeld dont do it dont do it. Must I say more? bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hell out of that area cause if you call a shank a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you.
You know it's bad when a McDonald's gets a 1 star review...I mean, seriously: none of us expect anything fancy when we go to a McDonald's. The whole point of going to McDonald's is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life. In my case, I just wanted a small meal/snack that wouldn't cost me as much as the stuff in Kennywood would. I hadn't even eaten at a McDonald's in about eight years or so. And I quickly remembered why!  Forget the fact that McDonald's food isn't great. We all know it's not great. The problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food. For starters, I quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the ABSOLUTE slowest line on planet Earth. You certainly won't be getting any fast food here! Then, once I FINALLY placed my order, and finally got to the window to pay (because of course I spent a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their orders), a young woman took my card, swiped it...and didn't say another word. I waited thinking she was printing a receipt - nope! Eventually - after whipping out her phone and sending a text or two - she realized I was still there and told me to go to the next window for my food. Whatever, I figured, forget the receipt; by then I was pretty sure she had moved on to other orders and couldn't print my receipt anyway. On to the next window, where I was given my food and drink...and I proceeded to quickly discover they gave me no straw and for some reason, layered my Big Mac as such: bread, bread, patty, patty, bread. ...seriously, how does one even mess that up? I give one brownie point because the fries really were actually pretty good...but they were not worth the wait or trouble.  I concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money, and the people here are so slow that you'll spend more time waiting for your food then you will eating it.
By far the absolute worst Mcdonalds in the World. You can pretty much rest assured that, after your long wait in the drive thru, your order will most definitely be wrong.  Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills.  They have all gone down hill in quality, service and cleanliness.  The owner has to be the problem.
Worst McDonald's ever. Waited 16 min in drive thru- finally drove through without even ordering! Horrific.
I was very disappointed in the quality of the pierogies and the haluski at Pierogies Plus.  I ordered them hot and I purchased enough so that I could have leftovers the next day.  When I got home and opened the containers, something smelled odd.  When I started to eat, it tasted just as odd.  As it turns out, what is referred to as 'butter sauce' is a misrepresentation of what it really is-----margarine, which I eliminated from my diet years ago because of the trans fats and the fact that any way you cut it, butter makes for a better product.  Sorry Allison B, ain't no butter here.  Margarine is used as a cost-cutting measure, and it just can't measure up.  I rinsed off the peirogies and browned them in some butter and my own onions.   The haluski got thrown away.  For the prices being charged for these products, the proprietor can well-afford to use butter.
Sorry just had my first taste of Pierogies Plus. We had the potato cheese I would like to know where the cheese was? The potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed. Not my cut of tea.
This was a Good place to get pizza.  As far as I know they are No Longer Open at this Location.
Hunan Wok is a strip mall Chinese joint in Kennedy Township. When walking in, you are overwhelmed by the smell of cleaning products, how dimly lit it is and a lot of the signage and calendars are dusty/dirty(-1  overall appearance) , just not real appealing. It was around 2:30 and empty. I ordered L24 General Tso's, yea I know, real adventurous, but I do ask for it Hot every time.  I was told 15 minutes, it took 20 and they were dead slow(-1). The General Tso's was about as flavorless as you could get and o, so dry(-1).  The Pork Fried Rice was actually Pork Burnt Rice, nasty(-1). I also ordered Boneless Ribs, which were pretty good. Not a lot of fat on them. Ended up paying $13 for a lunch special that didn't come with a drink(-1). Overall, odds of going back are a lot slimmer than me.
Shredded Chicken and General Tsos... very bland!!!!   Menu is very basic. The prices are a little above average and certainly not worth it.  Tasteless.  Very disappointed.. never again One star is being nice.
ewwww
I went for my brothers bachelor party and one of the dancers pick pocketed my brother ! We told the security guards which dancer did it and they threw us out of the club. We had been buying dances, drinks & having a party,  so watch your pockets and don't get too drunk.  Management there doesn't care!  Visit another club, this one isn't it!!! Not a full bar, you pay $20 admission and $1 for a "cup" ...all you can drink. No food available That should say it all right there.....
The food was alright. Not good. Not bad. And considering the portion, the prices weren't bad either. The service, on the other hand, was terrible. Severely understaffed. Three hours order to check. Worst of all the chef put cooked lobster tail back into the raw shell to serve it. Avoid at all costs.
I ordered my fiance a small, fall arrangement. It was supposed to be full of gerber daisies, with each one costing around $3. Therefore, I was told that for 7 gerber daisies, along with some other berries and filler flowers, the total would come to around $23.   The arrangement showed up with TWO gerber daisies, pathetic looking fillers, and they charged me $35. I won't call here again.
I would give our experience zero stars. Possible negative stars. It's Valentine's Day. An order was placed weeks in advance for a delivery. My boyfriend went to the shop to ask where the delivery was and the woman at the counter could not have cared less that he was perturbed. Weather conditions are not ideal for deliveries today but no attempt was made to communicate that the delivery would be delayed. Just a little "hey, someone is sending you something special, we're doing the best we can". Placate us!   I received a call at 5:30 saying I needed to be home to receive the delivery! Where's the surprise in that? What if it's just a regular day and I'm getting surprise flowers, would I have to get them myself if I wasn't home? Well, my flowers are not being delivered today. My arrangement is sitting at the shop because I was chosen to be the loser of "who gets their flowers on time".   The surprise of my arrangement was also ruined by the shop when they said what it was, how beautiful it was and I'd be very happy. Well, we're not happy at all about the service. At all. Don't know how this place is still in business with the awful customer service.   Edit: my flowers were delivered at 1:05 on 2/15 after I told the shop they needed to be delivered by 1:00. They were given a range of 9-1. I was offered a box of Whitman's chocolate as an apology. Really? How about a refund. The arrangement my boyfriend selected is gorgeous but the flowers are wilted and spotted already. I'm pretty sure they ruined any future chances of me getting surprise delivery flowers.
My orders have come out bad pretty much every time I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I'm lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw. I recently posted a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous. I am done going to this Mcd's.
Delivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area.  No matter if it's rice or noodles or chicken or pork, everything tastes off--like it's been overcooked in mop-bucket-water.  Try House of Lee instead.
Wow. What a shame. My family just moved to the area and have been sampling the local cuisine. We are a very large family and love foods of all kind. We've eaten Chinese food from a hundred different places in a dozen different cities. Hands down, this was the worst we've ever had. Cold, tough, congealed, and tasteless - that's the only way to describe it. I'll never order from here again. Quite frankly, the fact that I took time away from my kids to type this out should tell you how awful it was. My complaints fell on deaf ears. I guess they were shocked that someone thought that they were serving low grade dog food. I understand that sometimes restaurants crank out bad food. It happens. But when it does, you bend over backwards to make it right. Not at this place. I was told that he would have to speak with the owner in order to help me. I guess that's how they deflect complaints - blame it on the owners that aren't there and make the customer for away angry.  Too bad. Because we will be visiting a competitor in the future. This family of 7 won't be visiting China Sea ever again. Oh, and by the way, why can't I give this place zero stars?
The pros: You get a TON of food for your money. If the food was actually decent, this would have been even better because... LEFTOVERS.  They have coupons on their website that you can use whenever.    The cons: The woman who answers the phone is kinda rude. You try to ask her questions and she gets an attitude with you like you're wasting her time.  My pork dumplings were "fried" only on one side and were raw in the middle.  Everything was pretty darn salty. Yeah, I get it. Chinese food tends to be a little salty, but this was unacceptably salty.  Leftovers... Yes this is also a con because I threw it away. Suffering through it once was enough!   If you're craving something made fresh that is spicy and sweet, you're not going to find it here. Just very greasy, very salty, poor excuse for Chinese takeout.
I just moved into my new apartment in the area and called for a take out order. The place had received good reviews so I thought "Why not?" I was hung up on twice before I could even get my order out. We were finally able to place an order and told 5-10 minutes. We live 15 minutes from this restaurant and we left immediately after placing the order. Ten minutes later, my phone rings and it is the man who took our order telling me that he was closed and would not wait for us to get there to pick up our food because he had told us 5-10 minutes. If you are going to order from here, please make sure you stick to their timelines. And if you do go to pick it up and make it there in time, it is very hard to find.
If you have any common sense at all, please don't stay here.  Once, it almost burnt down...and I'm pretty sure most of the locals were chanting "burn, baby, burn."
Horrifying.  This place should be ashamed of itself.  DO NOT STAY HERE.  Beyond dirty, just absolutely rank.
OMG who wrote the review below? A big fat liar/someone that was paid to write that! I stayed there for an hour this past weekend (my friend and I were both intoxicated and figured laying down a few hours would get us better suited to finish driving home). This place looks like it hasb't been cleaned (or furnished) since the 80s. Literally there was grime on the walls, and squashed, unwiped bug smears too. Ok, so not the best, but for two hours, we could deal. We looked for bed bugs, and didn't see any immediate signs of them- so we laid down to rest. After about 20-30 minutes, we both started itching like crazy. I ran to the bathroom mirror (there was mold all over the bathroom) and saw bed bug bites all on my shoulders, arms, and legs. HORRIBLE!! PLEASE Health Department, shut them down! It's deplorable in there!!
I can't even rate this place! Its absolutely disgusting! I begged the health department to shut them down! I was forced to stay a night here and it was so disgusting! I woke up with bed bug bites all over my body! Just filthy! DO NOT STAY HERE!
This motel is so ghetto, even the bedbugs carry guns. Don't stay here unless you're looking to indulge your sense of urban adventure. Fact: this motel has an hourly rate. Think of that what you will. The only good thing I can say about the Avalon Motel is, no one has gotten murdered here... recently.
Got bit up . Bed bugs wouldn't believe me I had to show my bite marks .. Even then refused to acknowledge me
I got a pedicure here. Not bad, they were pretty thorough. But two days later both of my big toes were infected and oozing pus where she trimmed my toenails on the sides (which was weird anyway). I hate to rate a local shop down, but man my toes hurt.
I just had a basic pedicure at Star Nails in Bellevue this afternoon and it was horrible.  I was rushed out and my polish wasn't even hard yet.  The woman insisted on putting my sandals on for me and ruined one big toe.  She did the nail over again while stooping by the dryer and was going to leave the gouged polish underneath her repair.  I said I wanted it fixed.  She did, but there is polish stain all around my nail and the polish itself is rough.  When I got home, I noticed that all of my toenails are rough as if it is cheap polish, even though it was OPI.  The person next to me got a leg massage and much better service for the same price pedicure.   At $27, this was more than other places I've been to and  absolutely unacceptable.  While the place itself looked clean, the stylist's rolling cart was not.   If I could give negative stars, I would.
TERRIBLE! No one expects fast food to be gourmet, but this experience would make corporate cry! Ordered food for 2 adults (full meals) and for one child and was charged for 2 more adult meals, I asked why the amount was so high and the employee said nothing to me, looked the other way and yelled for a manager. Still feeling over charged but not wanting to agitate the situation any further we left with 1 less drink then we ordered, cold food and a soda water instead of sprite because no one changed the syrup. Never again.
We keep expecting their food to be better than the last time. I've had enough. Ordered two spicy chicken combos yesterday at around 5 o'clock. You'd think the food would be fresh during the dinner-time rush. Well, you'd be wrong. The sandwiches and fries were all lukewarm, and both chicken filets were so dry and tough that they must have been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. We ordered an unsweetened iced tea and a Sprite with no ice. Received an unsweetened tea with no ice and a cup of ice with some Sprite in it.  We've previously been treated rudely for having the gall to use the drive thru 20 minutes before closing time. I'm trying to remember if we have ever been served a satisfactory meal there, but I'm having trouble coming up with a single example. I can only assume that the manager is never there or is so incompetent as to defy belief. This location coasts by solely on the reputation of other Wendy's. Do yourself a favor. Go to Burger King or McDonald's down the road, or hike up to the Wendy's at West View Park.
Worst fast food I've ever been to. A couple years ago, this was a nice place. It took a long time for someone to answer the drive thru and then the guy working the drive thru was very hard to understand like he had food in his mouth and basically clueless. Once our order was finally understood, it then took a very long time to get our food. I thought we were overcharged, but rather than deal with the clueless gentleman I decided to just move on.
They kept trying to staple my poor dogs infected wound. After taking her to another vet, I was educated about wound care. After she was treated properly, she healed quickly.
Where to begin. I guess I'll start with me taking my last cat there about two years ago because I was worried he was sick. He cried constantly when I left his sight. I assumed he was trying to tell me something so I brought him to AVH where he had been seen before. The vet simply wrote "meows too much on" on the chart and prescribed Valium.   Hoping to get a different vet next time I took my other cat there. Everyone is always very kind and loving to him, but it always takes the vet at least 40 minutes past the appointment time to see him. Not to mention, they are always so overbooked that I am forced to sit in the waiting area with at least 4 barking dogs at once. Their owners try to calm them, but my cat shudders and shakes in his cage and I am unable to hold him and comfort him. You try holding a scared cat in a room full of dogs. I won't be returning to AVH.
Do not take your pet here! If you are new don't bother establishing a relationship. If you have been there in the past, be warned, it's under new ownership and all of the doctors and vet techs that have been there for decades are gone. Prices have increased dramatically with the new owners. My pet's annual visit was over well $100. Outside of annual exams office visits are more than $50 and that does not include anything they may do (shots, tests, blood work) and exclusive of the hazardous waste disposal charge. Also, they quit carrying a lot of medicines and clients are now forced to use a mail order pharmacy. I was a loyal client to Avalon Vet for my whole life, but the changes I've seen in the past year are absurd. Prices increased, cameras everywhere, hiring vets that have decades of bad reputations around this area. Not to mention I had to argue with the manager to get a copy of my pet's records. The last thing the establishment, under the new owners, cares about are their client's pets.  Also, do not take their Facebook page seriously. They censor it, removing anything the slightest bit negative, to paint a completely different picture than what they are.
They do NOT care about animals.  I had been taking bothof my dogs there for 4 years for regular veterinary care. My youngest dog came down with stomach cancer while I was unemployed, she needed to be euthanized and I made an appointment, put my poor bloated sick dog into the car and took her for her final visit.  They demanded I pay up front before she was even seen by a vet and I asked for billing, having been a years-long patient who has always paid I didn't think it would be an issue, especially considering the pain my dog was in.  They refused to do the euthanization and would rather leave a sick animal (years long animal patient of theirs! ) in pain and suffering than to do the courtesy of sending a bill to a regular customer.  DISGUSTING.   Who does that? Never will I take another animal there, I now have a new vet that actually cares about animals and how they feel and whether they are in pain.  UPDATED FEB 2016: Owner of this veterinary practice finally figured out what Yelp is and contacted me for details about my experience.  I provided her with the necessary information and she harassed me implying my dog was not a regular patient because there were a few years that she didn't have a visit.  Well no, she was in good  health and didn't need to be seen. Regardless she had been seen there at least 5 times since 2008.  That was who we considered our vet.  She then insisted my dog HAD been euthanized there (SHE WAS NOT ) and asked me to change or remove my Yelp review even though I had asked her to please stop contacting me because I didn't want to have to emotionally relive this HORRIFIC experience every time she contacted me.  I am not changing my review nor am I removing it.  This review was the truth of what happened. So if that gives you a little more insight into how this business is run, there you have it.  PS: Check Google Reviews for more sad stories and also Search Avalon Veterinary Clinic Pittsurgh on Facebook for yet another horror story from another patient from October 2015.
Please please read!  They do not care about animals, at all.  They used to be owned by wonderful people, but now they are owned by people who care about money and not your animal.  We took our dog here for surgery for bladder stones and less than 2 months later she died because she was "full of cancer"!  How did this vet miss this on blood work and when they performed surgery on this dog?? Shady to me!  After the surgery, when our dog fell ill, we took her in to be seen, it was obvious she was in dire condition.  The vet here did testing only to recommend taking the dog to a speciality hospital, because she needed a sonogram and they don't have that equipment.  It was obvious that someone needed to look inside the dog to see what was the matter!   Did the vet not know what she was doing or did she do the uneccesary tests to make money?  Either way the result was the same.  Please I want to save someone from the awful pain of what has happened to me.
Unfortunately Dr. Ann's response to my review is not an accurate account of what occurred.  It amazes me that after the fact people justify their actions.  I'm wondering why you recommended sending Abby home with an iv?  My father had to ask where to take Abby so she could get the care she needed.  Only then, after you performed unnecessary tests did you tell him about the specialty hospital. The care you provided our dog was awful and I hope no one has to go thru what we did.  I stand by my original post.  This vet is only out for the money.  Yes, anger does play a role....what you did to Abby and my family would make anyone angry.  Look at your other reviews...they have a common theme.
Graduation time called for a special bouquet of flowers for my lovely daughter so I called Fred Dietz in Bellvue because I've had positive prior purchases in the past.  The gal who answered the phone had TOP NOTCH customer service skills with the order.  When I pick up the bouquet, I paid the $30 for the flowers.  An average price, I'm ok with that.  I did notice that the flowers were loose inside the tissue paper and I asked the cashier for ribbon to tie them together and she said to me.."Well, we sell ribbon".  Humph!  I also absolutely must mention that she was training another gal on this while transaction so she was not new.  I cannot imagine 25 cents worth of ribbon, if it would have been even that much would have broken the store.  It was poor customer service, and for that I'll take my business elsewhere.  Just fyi...picture attached.
I think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients!  I was all ready to be a new client.  I had a 12:30 appointment with them, and when I arrived at 12:30 on the dot, the place was locked and dark and no one was there!  I waited for five minutes (in the rain), and they still didn't show.  I called and left a voicemail saying that I was still willing to wait, and I understood if there was some confusion, but could they call my cell (I gave them the number, as I had previously given my home number when I made the appointment).  I waited nearby at a coffee shop, went back after another five minutes, and it was still locked and I hadn't received a call.  And I am definitely not estimating the time, either.  I was willing to wait a bit, and I looked very closely at the time on my phone to be sure that I wasn't jumping the gun on calling and then leaving.  Finally, I went on with my day and when I got home, they had left a voicemail on my HOME PHONE, which I had specifically asked them not to call, saying, "Oh hi.  Sorry you missed me, but I was MAYBE two minutes late at the most.  I hope you haven't left, but you should just call back to reschedule.'  Seriously?  When I was waiting, another woman came to the door.  I thought she worked there, but she was just another client, also trying to get in!  When I told this story at another local business, the women there said that I was probably the fourth person who had had this same experience at this place.  I couldn't believe it.  This place is the worst, and I have never even stepped inside!
Now I'm picky about my hair, but Mane Attractions was so bad that I walked out after about 15 minutes of watching the stylists work on other clients.  I had desperately needed a haircut and walked in for a major trim and re-shaping of my layers.  First, the girl at the counter said my hair might be "difficult" due to the length (it was nearly long enough to sit on at the time) and that I would probably have to stand while it was cut.  Weird, but okay.  Second, no one there knew anything about donating to "Locks of Love," and I feel like salons should be aware of things like that.  I needed a cut so I went for it anyway.  I watched the two stylists while I waited for my turn.  One stylist told the client whose hair she was cutting that she was going to do something other than what they discussed because it "wasn't looking right."  Ummm, okay.  The other stylist was too busy checking her phone every three seconds to notice she was yanking on her client's hair so hard with the comb that she was giving her poor client whiplash.  At that point, I just pretended like I had received an urgent text and said, "I have to leave, so sorry "as I bolted for the door.
Got a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick, crust was not even crunchy or had taste, and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or 2.
On October 11 2014 I placed a 140.00 order for tortes and cookies to be picked up the following Saturday and was told no problem. when I placed the order the girl taking the order was new so another girl helped but her attitude was very poor and told me that I had to put down a deposit and pay 10.00 for trays for cookies and they don't tray tortes. I told her that was fine and I paid the order in full. the following week I showed up and my order was never placed so they had nothing. No manager or owner could be reached and the poor girl waiting on me was so shook up. The Girl that had the attitude the week before and was suppose to place the order  was very nasty and insisted that it had to be under a different name.Long story short we had to make shift the order and put up with a very sarcastic counter girl. I will not return to this place again. I have been using them for years and never saw a business run like this. My daughters worked for years for a well known bakery in college and said were never left alone like this. Unfortunately a man beside me came in to pick up cupcakes for his childs birthday and it was paid for and experienced the exact same thing as I did. Shame on you Lincoln to run a bakery like this. Oakmont Here  I come. Oh and as for the cookies I got no trays and 4 dozen of sugar cookies that all looked the same. the girls that took the order were there and one whispered to the other wondering if they would be fired over this and the smart mouth answered no they don't worry about stuff like this and the lady just needs to get over it!
Almost all of the tires sold on site are foreign. I drove all the way here before work to be told that they don't sell American-made tires. I'm sorry, but you get one star for that. I ended up buying American tires for the same price elsewhere. Took me forever to get to work from this location because the traffic is horrendous from here.
This store sucks beyond belief! Even though I live within walking distance of the store, I prefer to go to the Giant Eagle on Camp Horne or the Shop n Save on Perry Highway, but when I don't have a lot of time, I have no choice but to come here. First off, they rarely everything I'm looking for in stock and when they do, make sure to check the dates. I've gotten month-old expired milk here before and don't even get me started on the moldy Yoplait. Second of all, and more important, the service here is terrible. The employees here act like they are forced to work here, and if you are using a card, be prepared to slide it at least three of four times since the employees are too incompetent to eat anything right the first time. My advice to the employees: If you hate it here so much, quit and get a real job. You're not doing as any favors by staying here. This store is on par with about everything else in Bellevue, which isn't saying much.
I cannot imagine a more miserable place to shop than this jam-packed monstrosity.  This is a store that makes me thankful for Goodwill and The Salvation Army resale stores.  The customers and the staff are miserable at Red White and Blue.  The clothes are priced far higher than other such shops.  Merchandise is not refundable or exchangeable, and there are no fitting rooms!  One purchases clothes at their own risk!  What person would buy a suit under these conditions, hoping the pants will fit?  Unlike other stores, there is no senior discount and no credit cards accepted, a rare cash only business.  To the reviewer who boasts that everything is 50% off every day, how is that a sale?  It is bogus pricing.  Red White and Blue, uggh!
Pittsburgh store is the worst thrift store I've ever shopped.OVERPRICED!!!!  Very high prices. Backwards policy of accepting cash only. Nasty! Don't waste your time or money!!! THere are much better places to shop for thrift in Pittsburgh!
Love the store. Great stuff, High price. Buyer BEWARE of the RUDE cashier SYLVIA, extremely unpleasant, unwilling to help and always with NEGATIVE attitude. She needs customer service training....Someone please tell her to stop complaining about other customers or employees....Cashier that does window display is always kind, friendly and helpful.
I have never been treated so terrible in my whole life. Here's my rant, a friend and I stopped in one day after high school. I was a senior at a catholic private school at the time so I was required to wear a fancy uniform so I looked highly presentable. I picked a shirt up I was thinking of getting and held it as we browsed through the store. They announced they were closing and I was across the store from where I got the shirt. Deciding not to get it, I placed it on a near by shelf. My friend checked out, and as we were walking out of the store a  woman that worked there said to me "where is the shirt you were holding". I told her I had placed it on the self in the back, and said sorry for not putting it back. She said " I walked back there and didn't see it, so where is it" and clearly implied that i stole it.  I told her again that it was on the shelf as nice as I could and she then told me that she didn't believe me and told me to go back there and get it or else she was going to search me. Now I get that it doesn't matter that the shirt was 50 cents because stealing is still wrong but because I didn't steal it and told her so I feel Im justified in being furious that I was publicly humiliated and falsely accused over 50 cents. I walked to the back of the store picked it up and started walking back and then the lady said in a grossly rude tone " well I didn't see it back there" no apology, no nothing. I handed it to her and walked out. I've never been there since. I was so angry I forgot to get her name tag so I could complain to the manager. I have never been treated so badly by anyone let alone a complete stranger and store clerk. I don't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff.
This place is overpriced and the service is not good at all.  When we where there children were riding bikes in the lot near the tables.  One almost hit our child.  Another customer said that if the owner had been there she would have not allowed the bikes to be there.  The cone was large to say the least but the taste left something to be desired.  Not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby.  Our children were exposed to language that would have made a sailor blush.  We will not be back.  Also they will accept a credit card but not a debit card?????  Please get up with the times.
If I could give Dr. Murphy less than 1 star, I absolutely would.  I was a big fan of his for several years.  He is a very personable guy.  I consistently went to my 6 month cleanings, and each time he would assure me that my teeth were perfect.  At my last visit, he identified a cavity in one of my molars.  Because of its placement, it was a LARGE filling.  Ever since having the tooth filled, it consistently traps huge amounts of food and it is incredibly hard to floss because of the size of the filling.  I recently moved across the country and had to find a new dentist.  WOW--I was in for the shock of my life.  Not only do I have to have 4 of my fillings replaced, but the one that Murphy did most recently has an obscene overhang that presses into an adjacent tooth.  The new dentist was shocked at the quality of work.  He also asked me if my previous dentist ever recommended that I see an orthodontist about my tilted lower molars.  I said absolutely not, I was told that there's nothing they could do about them aside from extracting the teeth and replacing them with implants.  The new dentist couldn't believe that!  He said that would be incredibly drastic and unreasonable and that the molars could very likely be corrected with some brackets.  It upsets me that Dr. Murphy would have allowed me to have unnecessary and costly dental work, and that his preventive care was so sub-par.  I am suffering the consequences of trusting an individual who is either ignorant, apathetic, or both.  Do not go here--find another dentist.
I had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer. My dog  was not groomed to my specifications; infact she was butchered. I went to the trouble of taking a photo of my dog with  the haircut that I wanted, as well as speaking with the woman who assured me she would be grooming my dog. The owner groomed my dog, not the woman that I spoke with and she looked nothing like my dog when I picked her up. The owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service. Do not take your dog there to be groomed!
I went to Animal Elegance when it was owned by Becky She was great grooming my schnauzer, when the business was taken over by current owner they overcharged me, told me it would be 50.00 then when I called to see if she was done they said60.00 went to pick her up it was now $70.00. That's the end of my business with them
I've been told several times that this place had a great brunch.  Upon arrival, the menu was very limited and the service was abysmal despite a nearly empty restaurant.  We literally waited 15 mins. at our table and then left prior to ordering.
What a disappointment!! Evening started pretty badly and did not get much better.   We had reservations for 5 people at 7PM this past Saturday. Two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess. She was vague about seating us and we decided to wait at the bar. When the rest of our group arrived (on time!!), I informed the hostess and she looked at me blankly and then the packed restaurant.  She told me it would be awhile. Huh? When asked what "awhile" was, she said 20min.  But then seated us in 5 (she had to bus a table which I take it as one of the things she dislikes about her job - that and people).  Food was a let down. Potato latkes were greasy and blah.  Fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks.  Pumpkin risotta was heavy and confusing flavor wise.  Others had the same sentiments.  Service was rough.  Long waits and lack of attentiveness. Noise level (couldn't converse at all) made the night just a bit harer to tolerate. Not sure Pino's will get a repeat visit.  Disappointment:(
Bland food and poor service. Its a shame since it's a great location and could be much more, especially since there is always overflow from nearby point brugge.
BEFORE Pino's was renovated, it was a tiny, unpretentious, hole-in-the-wall restaurant with a friendly atmosphere, and amazing Italian food. It was also a BYOB, which I love. This was our "go-to" restaurant.  AFTER Pino's was renovated, there was a complete transformation. While the interior is now very nice, It's no longer a BYOB, and the staff is full of attitude, which seems to stem from the total arrogance of Pino himself.  On our most recent visit, we were a party of four with reservations at 7:30 PM. We arrived at 7:25, and weren't even acknowledged until 7:40 PM. Pino was playing maitre d', and when he finally acknowledged our presence he seemed totally clueless and was overtly UN-apologetic. There were no open tables, despite having reservations. When 8:00 PM rolled around, I was frantically calling other local restaurants to see if we could get in. No such luck, since it was prime dining time on Saturday night. Finally, around 8:30 PM, the waitstaff brought a two person table up from the basement, crowded four chairs around it and jammed it into the middle of the restaurant for us to sit in. Pino then literally threw our menu's at us, and walked away. Not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience.  The food is still good here, but I refuse to give my money to someone who CLEARLY does not appreciate your business. There are SO many good restaurants in the area, with owners/chefs who are happy to have you. Next time you think about going here, walk an extra block to the Point Brugge Cafe.
The food here is ok but not worth the price. $15 corking fee? $9 a glass of garbage wine? Me thinks not.  What really tops it off is the owner is beyond rude and doesn't care about the business. I heard it used to be much better but now I don't know anyone who eats there...
I went to Pino's with my three other friends for Restaurant Week and was underwhelmed and completely disappointed. We chose an option for each course of  the very limited Restaurant Week menu. I selected the baked eggplant caprese appetizer, Lazy Man lasagna Florentine and then the panna cotta for dessert.   Baked eggplant caprese: the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess.  Lazy Man Lasagna Florentine: it was essentially two huge lasagna noodles sandwiching huge clumps of spinach (I'm talking like a 3-inch high pile of clumped spinach) with a few mushrooms peppered in. The spinach ratio was out of control and I honestly ate a few bites and couldn't even continue.  Panna cotta: this was the most decent of the items we ordered.  My friend ordered off the regular menu, which she advised not to do since her food would come out at a different time?? Why?  We tried my friend's appetizer of the Italian Fries, which are described on the menu as sounding very similar to the amazing fries at Point Brugge...but it was just a bowl of regular French fries, which were lackluster and misleading. She also got the house soup with chickpeas and it looked like Spaghetti-o's and tasted even worse.  I don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. There was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way. All of it was overpriced and below mediocre. I wasted my money, and I will never, ever go back there.
I went to Pino's recently, only to be disappointed by the owner himself. I guess I should have read the reviews on here before going, seeing as a lot of people echo the sentiments that I feel.  After my mother sent back her extremely oversalted steak, the chef came out to "apologize". It was very embarrassing how he chastised her for not enjoying her meal. He then snidely commented, as walking away, that he would "never salt his steak again". I don't really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother. She was very polite about sending it back and certainly didn't deserve any attitude. We had an event to attend, which we were very clear with to our waitress. So when my mother reordered another meal (a salad), which took another twenty minutes, my mom asked for it to be immediately wrapped up. The chef returned, obviously chewing to make a point, and sneered at my mother, announcing her steak that she refused to eat was actually quiet good. Well, I have never felt more embarrassed in a situation. I said he was being rude to my mother, a paying customer. He proceeded to get heated and tell me it was not his job to make people happy (!??!) and that everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal and we just had to get to the inside of the steak to appreciate it.   The drama continued when he did not have change for $100 for a $57 bill. Sorry, how can you not have $33 in change?! He ended the night by throwing our bill in a crumbled mess on the floor and walking out.   Overall, embarrassing. It was an embarrassing situation for anyone to witness. Take heed of the negative comments on this site. I certainly wish I would have.
Very disappointing meal.  After waiting for a half hour, my meal arrived and we were told that my friend's meal would be coming in a few minutes. Very awkward.t.  Salad was average at best.  The beets tasted like canned beets and the chicken was covered with blackish oil from a burnt oil pan.    Then, to make matters worse the chef came out to argue with a patron who returned her food.  The chef came out to humiliate the customer explaining that her returned steak was great and himself was enjoying it.  Eating food from a customers plate was a real turn-off....what else does he do when cooking?   To make matters worse, when paying the bill, the chef did not have change for a $100 bill for the customer who returned her steak..  It was very uncomfortable watching the elderly customer and her young friend deal with the situation. He kept  loudly requesting a credit card  and the women did not have one.   Another customer provided them with change as the chef crumbled the check. I think I would have just left and not paid....give the lady great for dealing with such a lunatic.  Long story short....if you want to eat below average food and watch a chef loose it....this is your place!
This was the place I brought friends visiting from out of town when I wanted to show them the classy Italian  spots in Pittsburgh. After my visit last night, I have no desire to ever go again.   I don't know the owner, Joe, personally but he has stopped by our table a few times and said "dish looks beautiful." He was always confident in his food which I guess is a good thing if the good is delicious,  which it usually is    The table next to ours had a two women, a mother and daughter. The mother asked the server for a new steak as hers was a bit salty (I've never had the steak as I'm vegetarian but my guests have mentioned the abundance of salt). The server apologizes and returns to the kitchen. The owner comes out and fakes an apology claiming his steaks are perfect. At this point the whole restaurant is listening it's that crazy.  The  best part? He comes out again and says "I really enjoyed the steak you sent back." He was eating the steak and had some in his mouth! I can't make stuff like this up! At this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter. Clearly an awkward situation. The owner got so nasty the daughter tried to reason with him and he said "it's not my job to make people happy" that's strange considering he wants our business.  So the mother tries to pay the bill with a $100 and leave but he said they can't make change. Eventually another customer helps make change and they leave.  I couldn't finish my dinner I was so mad.  Maybe Joe was having a bad day but there is no excuse for how he treated those customers.  Sorry, we will never step foot in here again.
If you don't like your food... do not send it back to the kitchen... The "Chef" will come out and scream at you... Stay away from this place.
Probably one of the worst places I have been to recently. I have had pasta come out of the freezer that was better prepared. $70 for a mushy rigatoni chicken dish and 2 glasses of wine (incl 20% gratuity.) service was very poor - on our table of 5 server couldn't remember what anyone had for drinks or dinner ever. You need to write down something on your pad like woman in blue del sol/cab sauv to help you, that's fine but don't come back all clueless like you had never heard us order. I won't be going back.  Seating was also poor, I had reservations and walked in before a large party, who was seated before me. Meaning I arrived at the hostess station first, and they took the party behind me before asking me my name. I was not the first, nor the last, to arrive for my party and reservation was in my name.
I normally love Pinos. I'm a member of their Diners  Club, live 2 blocks away and often walk there with my dog and eat outside. They are very dog friendly. However, this evening I sat at the bar planing to order wine and dinner. While the bartender did give me a wine list, she then proceeded to ignore me, more interested in chatting it up with the couple at the end of the bar. After 5 minutes, I left. I thought the days of ignoring and disrespecting solo female diners were behind us. I went to Park Brugge where the service at the bar with Amanda is always top notch!
Had very bad experience with this auto-shop. My car's engine stalls at idle and coolant temperature is not right. When make turns, there is noise from front wheel. This garage took more than a week to diagnose my car and gave me a ~1900$ bill for repair of a lot of un-related stuff. And they didn't even check the cooling system until I ask them to do. Then they insisted nothing wrong with cooling system other than a loose clamp, which is not loose at all. And they claim all my car's problems will be fixed. They took another week to finish the job and the next morning after I got my car, my engine stalls twice within 20 minutes, coolant temperature is still wrong and front wheel noise is still there. Sent my car back and they said another 500$ to replace several sensors will fix the problems, which is non-sense. I will never trust them anymore and nether should you. They only trick you to do repairs you don't need and never fix a real problem.
Definitely overpriced for what they offered.  Took my car in to check my AC, they didn't get back to me for the whole day, and decided to fix whatever the problem was without asking me and charging me an insane about (approximately $150 more than most places).  Definitely will not go back there again.
Been yelled at by other customers (today for instance)...place is super ghetto...avoid at all cost. Today, left a full cart bacause a woman (with a baby in a stoller) shouted at me for "cutting in line". Will never go back. At night it is a nightmare.
Never Again.  My friend and I went into this Giant Eagle for a "quick trip" to pick up some chips and such before going to a party. Took us three minutes to find some chips. We stood in line to check out for about half an hour. It was like a window into hell. The line was for "express," there was only one "express" line and there was only one slow checker. I will never step foot in that store again. I'm relatively new to the area and am told this store is referred to as "the dirty bird."
Came to this location for a quick run in and I regret it immensely.  Decided to get a Giant Eagle card since my item was on sale.  The clerk at Customer Service was so rude I took my ID back and walked away.  Her language was impossible to understand and when I didn't understand her second mumbling she yelled her question at me.  This happened twice.  They won't ever see me here again.
The fact that my boyfriend and I refer to this as the "shady Giant Eagle" should be a pretty good indication of how I feel about this place. In times of desperation, I'll stop in, head straight to the items I need, and make a quick exit. Besides being just an eyesore, the employees I've dealt with seem slightly clueless, causing the lines to move very slowly. The customers don't make the experience any better. I remember standing behind a woman in line who was arguing with the cashier for 10 minutes about being charged 2 cents over the price tag. Yes, that's right. 2 CENTS. It took a lot of deep breaths to restrain myself from throwing my loose change and storming out.
Avoid. Employees are unhelpful and rude. Went in this AM to try to find my wife some flowers for her birthday, stopped to ask employee who was restocking shelves if they carried flowers. The employee looked at me, ignored me, and continued stocking the shelves. This interaction is fairly representative of all the encounters I've had in this store. Employees are rude, unhelpful and frequently give a lot of attitude if asked to do anything for a customer. Shoppers are slow, obnoxious, and frequently hold up lines arguing with cashiers about the prices of items. I've seen several families get into loud screaming matches in the middle of the store over what to buy for groceries.Cashiers don't help the matter, as they scan and bag items as slowly as they possibly can, and make what should be a five minute trip into a twenty minute ordeal. This is also the only giant eagle I've ever been to that doesn't sell beer. The liquor store around the corner employs equally rude individuals and has a very heavy police presence, probably to prevent shoplifting. I would never think about going to this place after dark, or at all, if I were a female. There are plenty of alternatives, including whole foods, target, trader joe's and a much classier giant eagle a few blocks away.
Figure I'd give Supercuts a shot since Giant Eagle sells their gift cards so it is great for fuelperks.  I don't remember her name but she is one of the "bigger" woman there.  I wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy.  So I asked her for a trim to get the sides/back cleaned up.  She said ok and off she goes.  5 minutes later, we were done.   Yes, just like a bad date, we were done in 5 minutes.  I got home, showered, and saw the damage.  It was messy.  What's worst is every day it grows, it looked even worst.  I'll just stick to my usual barber.
Terrible! I got a haircut here once and hated it, but kept waiting for it to settle in after a few washes. It never did look right, so I just fixed it at home rather than going back to these incompetent people. I didn't even feel like the hassle of complaining was worth it, as I highly doubted that I'd get any money refunded and I certainly didn't want them to touch my hair again to try to fix it.   I then figured, hey, this place sucks for haircuts but they can't mess up eyebrow waxing, right? Right! But their service is so bad that I gave up on that too -- I got my eyebrows done here a few times with not much trouble, but the last time I went in, I had called ahead to put my name in and was told that I would be next on the list, and to show up in about 20 min. My house is a 20 min walk from there, perfect! I headed out, got there in 20 min, and gave the woman at the desk my name and reminded her I'd called ahead. There was one man sitting there waiting, who I had seen from across the street walking in about 1 min ahead of me.   The "stylist" was just finishing up a haircut, so I should have been next, right, since I had put my name in before the guy who walked in? Nope! She called him over and I said "sorry, I think I was next, I called ahead and was told I'd be next in line" and the lady said "oh we don't do that." WTF?? You told me very clearly that you do exactly that, what craziness is this? So I waited, figuring that I'd already invested 20 min into this venture, so I may as well stick it out.   And waited, and waited, while one "stylist" cut the man's hair and 2 of them chatted in the back (ironically next to the chair where they do facial waxing). They must have been "on break," or maybe just terribly rude and idiotic, because I sat there waiting for another full 20 min, and when I finally spoke up again to ask when someone would be available to do my eyebrows. The 2 chatty cathies in the back looked over, very annoyed at my presence, and the woman doing the haircut said "after I'm done here," and I sat there incredulous for another 2 minutes before getting up and leaving. Will never go back.
I went there today! The cut was terrible! I have an awful experience. They lady that cut my hair was nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head!
Tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold.  Will never order from here again.
Never received my order and was left in a bad mood. The driver did not carry GPS for delivery, did not know my address which is right in squirrel hill, did not listen to me (or did not understand me?) when I tried to give him directions, asked me to pick up food from an intersection 0.3 miles away from my apartment in snow, and finally yelled at me to cancel my order.   Cannot comment about food, but whatever experience I had left a bad taste.
-3. Food arrived 2 hrs late. The delivery driver was the guy from the pizza place next door and didn't know anything about the order. Food was luk-warm when it arrived. The food was completely inedible. The sweet and sour chicken was DISGUSTING. It was a neon pink color and tasted like dried out chewy dog food. Beef tasted like it was bad and honestly I nearly puked after the first mouthfull. The only thing that was edible was the rice, which was average at best. There's $20 down the drain. Never again.
I wish there was a zero star option to give. This may be some of the worst "Chinese" I've ever been delivered. First off, everything was dripping everywhere. The entire bag was a soggy mess. Then we get to the chicken chow mein. I'm not even sure they bothered to cook that. My boyfriend couldn't even look at it once taking a bite, it made him sick. Next up, the "general tso's bean curd." Under cooked and not properly drained of any water. I don't know what that sauce was made from but it was disgracing all General Tso's sauce by existing. The egg rolls, a Chinese classic, were so dark and hard, I'm not sure how we could have possibly eaten them. The Crab Rangoon's... Generally these are my favorite thing at a Chinese restaurant. I'm not sure what they think they are attempting to pass for Crab Rangoon's here. These monstrosities were completely inedible.   The only thing they didn't mess up on our order was the rice. It tasted and looked like rice. When we called to complain I was told the restaurant said they did nothing wrong and wouldn't do anything about the situation. Awesome. Now my stomach is upset from the few bites I took.  I'm pretty sure this place should change it's name to "Inedible Slop" because it's far from "Tasty."
Holy bat balls did this place have bad food! Nothing but flavorless, Americanized Chinese food. Asked for a few items to be as spicy as possible and got card board. Never, ever again.
Well, where do I start? I ordered the Singapore chow fun, mixed vegetables in garlic sauce and the typical wan ton soup. All greatly overpriced. Must be the area... I'll preface this with how kind the "owner"was. Very kind, gave me minor changes without question.  Soup first. Zero flavor, zero filling, frozen wan tons? If not, which I highly doubt, whomever made them should quit or be fired. They most certainly sat in broth for hours. I couldn't even pick them up. They fell apart.   Veg second. Fresh vegetables, thanks for that. Again no effing flavor. Watery sauce, no heat. Just bad.   And finally. The worst part of it all. Singapore chow fun. This is a curry based thin noodle dish. The curry was obviously burnt in the pan or wok before anything else was mixed into it. See pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry. Not sure if this is from everyone else in this area ordering the typical American garbage Chinese food and they don't make it often, or what. I've had this dish a million times better, in much lesser places for $2 less. Price doesn't matter to me at all, though. It was just inedible. All noodle, no filler.   Avoid if you want anything but Americanized junk food.
Bleh. I've tried a lot of pizza places and this is so bad. The crust is not homemade, pretty sure. I saw them take it out of a plastic bag, and it sure tastes yuck. It wasn't very hot either. I am definitely going elsewhere next time.
We were visiting from out of town and just spent 6 hours driving. Found this place, read reviews on Yelp which were OK, and decided to ordered two slices. Hum...sorry not slices. More like two squares of cheesy bread. When we said these aren't slices, the lady at the register looked confused as though pizzas always look like that. We obviously aren't locals by the way we were dressed so the lady (who talked terribly) should have notified us when we first ordered it! They also have pictures of real pizzas on the wall -_- It also took a really long time to cook those little things because they weren't pizzas. Since I was so hungry, i ordered another square of unhappiness and it was handed to me in the cooking wrapper not a paper plate, ugh. Definitely never going there if we come to visit again!
Horrible Food don't waste your money  This is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called pizza I've ever had, I haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, Most of the reviews on here rant about what a great place this is how much fun you'll have there. IDK where that place is cuz the one I wan in today in East Liberty by the Home Depot was getto beyond belief the food is bad & the people aren't nice & friendly.  Loudness is an issue there when the lottery area has a sign saying because of back round noise your number may be wrong. Not one person there had decent customer service skills I had to ask the girl 3 times to speak up and I have excellent hearing. I ordered a small pizza I got a medium that was greasy on top but the crust was stale.   I looked forward to getting some great pizza man this place really disappointed me today.
This place has the worst service I've ever seen. I called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be 15 mins. When I got to the counter, the lady working rudely told me to wait for my name to be called because she didn't have my ticket to ring up the order. Um, okay...then walk over and get it so i can pay for it! So I waited and waited as people who came in long after me got their orders. The "workers" just stand around and spend more time talking to the regulars and trying to act like they are a big deal. I had to leave without my order after 40 minutes. DO NOT GO HERE!
Stopped in for breakfast but was disappointed that they didn't accept debit or credit cards. Very inconvenient in a world where cash is pretty much on the way out.  They did however, refer me to an in store ATM, but they had a high service fee for using it.  They lost my breakfast business that day.
Used to be the "staple" of the community years ago, before Home Depot. My mom, uncles, aunts and even grandparents would grab a bite here ever since I can remember.  On a trip home, pregnant and all, I went to visit and was extremely disappointed. I ordered a chicken salad,  picked it up, drove 15 mins to my family home only to discover that there was NO chicken in my chicken salad!!! Wtf. When I called, the guy who answered was already anticipating my call,  I assume because before I could explain to him the error,  he stated "yup!" and pretty much ended the call. I debated for several moments whether or not to return, but my little one made the decision for me. When I returned,  I thought I'd at least be offered a pop for my troubles,  or even a hear felt apology for the inconvenience...nope. My chicken was placed on top of the salad and the young girl at the register offered me an additional ranch dressing, for my trouble.  "Wow" is all I could muster up. What happened to the Ventos that was once nestled between Fox's bar and the cleaners, in front of Sears...or the one on the corner,  across from that single apartment building? Now, like everything else in East Liberty, this once regarded community staple is quickly transitioning to the gentrified community of tomorrow,  all fluff and no substance. Out with the old (school), in with the new, literally.  I hate that ish...
Worst pizza I have had in my entire 40 years of life. Tasted like sauce and cheese on toast. Frozen pizza is better than their pizza. I wouldn't eat this pizza if it was free.
Hands down, Minutello's is overpriced cafeteria food. Olive Garden seems like fine dining compared to this place.   You can already tell how bad your experience is going to be when they give you the complimentary bread that looked like it was bought from a convenience store. Not the crusty Italian bread. The generic Giant Eagle whole wheat bread that I buy regularly tasted 10x better. This so-called Italian bread came with pre-packed airline butter. No dipping oil with herbs and spices. Then we had the wedding soup which looked like it's been sitting in the kitchen since this morning and was just reheated.   We had the appetizer platter, which was composed of allegedly banana peppers, calamari, and breaded zucchini. It was 95% breading. I can barely taste any calamari or zucchini. The worst was the marinara sauce, which tasted like it came from a can. Again, no herbs and spices.   For the entree, I ordered rigatoni and my fiance had baked ziti. The only way I can describe the sauce is: Think of diluted Ragu. My pasta was also overcooked and there was no flavor whatsoever so I had to put so much parmesan cheese. I couldn't even taste garlic in it. What kind of Italian food has no garlic? The baked ziti was overcooked and dry, and it was tasteless according to my fiance.   Service was slow, but there was only one waitress in the restaurant. I requested warm water and it took about 40 minutes until she finally served it. She was generally nice and probably embarrassed for serving such crappy food.  How much did it cost us? $50, including tip.  This restaurant was probably good back in the day. As we left the place, we saw a certificate of excellence for being one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. In 1993.
This Shell station is horrible.  1) The bathrooms aren't inside, like Getgo's. They're outside and around this sketchy corner, filthy dirty with gang signs and cigarette butts littered on the floor.  2) The store itself is tiny and cramped with many items out of stock and 3-4 people who work *one* register.  3) The parking lot itself is pitted and dangerous, even by Pittsburgh Pothole standards.  4) This place is ghetto. This is the place all of the thugs and gangsters come to get their Slim Jims and "hang out". People paid for things in nickles and pennies.  That was my first experience at the store. My second experience (months later -- I blame a lapse in memory) found me driving down Baum and thinking "hey, I could use gas and my car is crazy dirty. I wonder how much that Shell place's car wash is? It won't be so bad if I never have to go inside the store."   So I google-texted real quick and called them. After 8 rings someone picked up the phone and mumbled at me. I cheerfully asked how much the car wash was.   -"We can't give that information over the phone".  --"Wait, what!? Why not?" "I just want to know to compare it to Getgo's, which is $7". -"Sorry."  --"Well that's stupid; let the manager know I think he's an idiot."  -"Sure". Click.  So come for the ebola laced bathroom, stay for the nihilistic attitudes!
Be careful paying with cash here. I coughed up the $12 cash I had in my pocket, went out to the pump. After attempting to pump gas, and getting maybe a pint, it just stopped working. I had to wait in line again to get to the counter. After waiting, they told me it had pumped. We went round and round, with their solution being that they could print me a receipt, and I could come talk to the manager about it. This was %100 unacceptable, but there wasn't much to do about it in the face of their utter indifference. Zero effort, and a horrible attitude. I've had a history of not great experiences here, and that's saying a lot. It's a gas station, how hard can it be? It's clear that they do not care at all. This past incident just seals it. I'm never going back, and you shouldn't either.
Do not use their car wash. I got my car washed here last week and came out with a huge deep straight scratch down the passenger side of my car. Their insurance company is not going to pay for it and won't even send a person from their company to come look at it!
Horrible experience. I was rear ended at a stop sign, wasn't my fault. Mikes did the repairs, poorly. Trunk lines off, bumper lines off, wires for taillights hanging, rear header panel was pushed in from the accident. Taillights pushed out after accident. Mikes didn't repair any of these issues. Even after I had told them during the estimate. Also found chips dumped out on the passenger side floor. They are truly an express shop. I wouldn't recommend them to anyone.
We were in an accident and our insurance recommended we go to Mike's. We dropped off the car a few days before Christmas, understanding that the holiday would mean there would be a delay. We didn't get the car back from them for about a month after that (the damage was not *that* extensive. It was basically a fender bender). Communication was horrible; we had to call them, they wouldn't call us. After three weeks, we called and they promised it would be done on a certain day. We called the day before to confirm that the car was ready and were told that they forgot to order a part and it would be two more days. Called two days later to confirm it was ready. "No, it's not ready yet. We'll call you when it is." Days passed and no call. Finally called them again and they said "Yeah, your car was ready yesterday." Are we supposed to be psychic?  We picked up the car and before even getting it home, the "check engine" light came on. We took it back to Mike's and they said they just needed to reset the computer. They did so and the light went off. Left and halfway home, "check engine" light came back on. We took it to another mechanic and found out that Mike's missed quite a few things, resulting in several hundred dollars in additional repairs. Now we have to submit all kinds of paperwork to the insurance company to add a supplement to the original insurance claim. Not fun!
Please do not adopt any pets from here until they update their standards.  I hate to think of animals living in cages, but...  !! At least two cats adopted from here in September have diagnosed with the herpes virus by the vet, and this is contagious to other cats. !!  AKA, it is likely that the shelter staff is not washing hands between handling pets and they are not testing for a virus that can be fatal in kittens.  I recently adopted a kitten from their shelter--I picked him up from their Pittsburgh Public Market adoption station.  I was told that he had been tested for common feline viruses and up-to-date on vaccinations.  These were both untrue statements.  The kitten has the herpes virus and was not vaccinated against this.  My roommate, who was with me, and I were warned about the upper respiratory infection (URI) that can occur because of this virus and others, but we were not told that he was neither tested nor vaccinated for the herpes virus.  They gave me a paper with his vaccinations, but it was in vet-speak, so I took their word for it.   Furthermore, the shelter staff put my kitten in my roommate's name mistakenly (and claimed that if we just called in that they would fix this mistake, but then wouldn't), so when he got sick, no one from their clinic would return my calls--I'm guessing this was since I wasn't the owner according to their records.  I had to email them to get a response, which basically said sorry that we didn't return your calls but this is your problem now.  They never apologized for the kitten's health or asked if he was feeling better.  Where's the compassion for the animal?  So now I have a very sick kitten on my hands.  I took him to the Big Easy in Lawrenceville when he stopped eating, and Dr. Ruiz is the best.  She took care of him, but it cost $160 to treat the virus he picked up at the shelter.  The Animal Rescue League shelter/clinic said that it does not and will not cover expenses for this.  After I had already taken him elsewhere, the clinic staff said that they would have given me a discount if I had waited two days to go to their clinic, but who would wait two days while the kitten wouldn't eat??  And now this virus makes him ineligible for pet insurance.  It  will cost hundreds of extra dollars a year to keep him healthy.   Had I not fallen in love with the little monster, I would have taken him back to another shelter.  That's what the person who adopted the other kitten with virus did.  Whenever he gets an outbreak, he will get another URI.  This means a lethargic cat who sneezes, gags, and coughs because he can't breathe and who won't eat because he's too congested to smell his food.  It's very sad--protect your cats with the herpes vaccination, please!  Oh, and in case you were wondering: just like in humans, cat herpes is fo' life.  Poor little guy.  This also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future.  Bad shelter!
Staff members here have always come up short. A past kennel worker  sold his litter of pit bull puppies in east liberty and the shelter was made aware of it  but excused it.   They will lie to surrendering families because they don't  want the cold hard truth, the good, bad and the ugly to leak out to the public. They lie !  They kill many many animals because of a very subjective behavioral test that their dog hating staff performs .  They kill more pets for space than any other pittsburgh shelter.  Many volunteers walk on eggshells here because they know an animals life is hanging in the balance and they are afraid to speak up or not allowed back in to volunteer .   Weak leadership. This is the cities highest cat and dog death rate of any shelter or rescue in western pa
This is a terrible shelter.  It appears that they routinely turn away (or kill, unless you state you will take them back) cats because they are "overcrowded."  They will tell you that your cat has a " behavioral issue" to address turning said animal away. Mark that you will take your cat (or dog, etc.) back or else you risk having them "put down."
They did my dogs neutering surgery and they did not do it correctly, which resulted in it opening the next day. The listed emergency number did not answer and when I did get ahold of them I was immediately told it would be at least $160 to have him seen. I had to take him somewhere else get him seen and then back to the animal rescue league to it done right. My poor baby went through hell. Never again will I take my dog there.
There are a bunch of pretentious self ritiuos self entitled ass clowns. The pious smiles on those stupid faces was only topped how they were too busy to find my dogs stollen colllar. I left my dog in my car for less then 30 minutes, in the shade with the windows down and some strumpet called 911 and animal control takes my dog to this "shelter" who then charged me $90 to get her back, on top of losing her colar. Then they treat me I'm a villian because the reporting woman said the dog wasin the car in the sun with the windows up for over 2 hours. I guess they trust total freak show losers more than their owners.  I literally rescued this dog from the woods in Texas (a kill on site state), she was 12 lb, starving, scared, and looked like a skeleton. She was sick six ways to sunday. I spent $2000 dollars getting her healthy, and got kick out of my apartment which didn't allow pets. Then spent another $1000 dollars when she got a punchured lung at a dog park . This, all for a dog I found in the woods. Do you really thing I'm going to lock it in a car to die? Am I really a villian? The crew at that "shelter" need to check their attitudes before treating people like Michael Vick.   OH YEA! When I asked if there was another option besides paying this outrageous bill, the uncaring bearded rope-pusher casually said "we euthanize, or put up for adoption, yours we would euthanize".... I hate that place and everyone in it.
Never again. Let me repeat, never again.   The primary reason I used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions. Due to their repeated inability and ineptness in fulfilling simple requests, I cannot continue to patronize this store.  Walking into the store, you are given the stink-eye by a minimum wage security guard, which automatically gives you as a customer the warm and fuzzy "guilty-until-proven guilty" feeling a shoplifter would get, which is what this store assumes everyone is based upon their decision to lock up the mouthwash and shampoo.  The pharmacy seems to be staffed by high school interns.  They have no concept of customer service, nor do they display any attention to detail, which is quite frankly frightening in a pharmacy.  I really think my chihuahua would make a better pharmacist than the people who work here - my chihuahua lick you to death before you got your prescriptions, but at least you'd get greeted when you approach the counter, and you'd get what you ask for.  The first mishap was when my wife and I changed prescription insurance providers.  i handed wanna-be pharmacist #1 my new insurance card.  After spending about 5 minutes staring into a computer screen behind the counter, he assured me that they had my insurance information in the computer.  I then returned in the following days to fill a prescription, trusting in what wanna-be pharmacist #1 had told me in the days prior.  When I went to check out the bill came to over $300, which I chalked up "maybe I have to meet a deductible before the coverage kicks in."  Upon further research, we discovered that wanna-be pharmacist #1 had NOT updated my insurance information and had run the numerous prescriptions I filled under my old insurance.  The latest of many "adventures" involved my wife calling in a prescription refill.  We stopped to pick it up on the way home from work, only to be told when we arrived that the insurance won't cover the refill until tomorrow.  Again, she CALLED and SPOKE to one of them to refill the prescription before showing up.  I guess it's too much to ask to TELL someone you're speaking to on the phone that they need to wait a day for the insurance to work before coming into a ghetto pharmacy to not pick up a prescription.  But hey, at least wanna-be pharmacist #2 behind the counter was dressed like a stripper, which gave me and my wife some comic relief for the moment.    We then returned the following day to (again) pick up the prescription we called to have refilled 2 days prior.  We were first told by wanna-be pharmacist #3 that there weren't any prescriptions waiting for us.  After searching around for a few minutes, they "found" my wife's prescription refill, but it would take 10 minutes to be ready.  Yes, the prescription that we tried to pick up yesterday would need another 10 minutes to be prepared.  Hence, I am now here, writing this review.  Never, ever again.
This place is a disaster. I made an appointment online for 5:30PM. When I got there they refused me service, asserting they close at 6:00PM. Nevermind that online published hours are from 7AM to 7PM. Furthermore, their own system sent me a confirmation email for my 5:30PM appointment. Finally, this building is an absolute dump... Goodyear should be ashamed to have the brand attached to it.
Tire replacement, was told it would take about 1.5 hours (when I had an existing appointment). It's almost been 2.5 hours and I'm still waiting. Ridiculous.
I experienced three main issues with this Goodyear location while purchasing/installing a new set of tires:  -They did not have my name or appointment in their system when I showed up. Fortunately, they still honored my appointment.   -They did not install tires correctly. Left for a business trip the following day, and once I got on the highway and my speed passed 65 mph, the car began to rattle (with my new "comfort tread" tires). Booked an appointment, and they fixed the issue.  -Two months later, I went to my Toyota dealership for routine maintenace. The dealer mechanic found that the lugnuts on the tires had been over torqued by Goodyear. So the Toyota mechanic had to saw them off of each tire and replace them with non-security locked nuts. (If I had a flat on the side of the road, I would have been SOL).  All of these issues were entirely preventable. The lack of expertise and techincal skill at this Goodyear location is abysmal. I do not recommend.
I was just there this morning for a 10am appointment to get my summer tires swapped out for my winter tires.  My regular mechanic was overbooked and there is snow coming on Monday.  Receptionist scheduled me in just fine and the quoted price was reasonable, so I said OK.  Upon arrival, store manager stated that they will not touch the car as it has aftermarket rims and lug nuts.  He did not state any restrictions about aftermarket parts as they could not guarantee the work.  I asked if this was the case for all rims and he became a little snotty.  I had heart surgery a while back and I can't do the jack and tire work as not to tear at my incision/breastplate, if this was not the case with my health, I'd certainly take care of it.  Aftermarket rims are common - should not be an issue.  Last time I ever set foot in that place.
I went in for new tires and a routine oil change. When I called about my car's status after many hours, I was told that the machine they use to pump the oil malfunctioned and motor oil got all over my car's engine! They said it shouldn't be a problem since they cleaned the engine bay, but when they brought my car out, my check engine light was on. They went to clear the light, but it came back on again. I was told to bring my car in the next day and they will look into the problem. On my way home, my engine started smoking profusely. Since my check engine light was on, I stopped at a local garage to get it checked out. They looked at my engine for me and told me that Goodyear must have spilled a TON of motor oil on my engine which caused it to smoke like crazy. The mechanic also pulled up the check engine light code (Goodyear did not tell me when I asked them about the code when I picked up my car), which said that my oxygen sensor was malfunctioning. The oxygen sensor in my car is connected right to the exhaust manifold and it was clear from visual inspection that oil has gotten all over it.  I went back to Goodyear the next day, they took my car in and I waited for over an hour in their lounge. No one came out to tell me what they were doing to fix my car or if they were taking responsibility for the faulty sensor. I finally had to asked the desk clerk, who told me that they were going to replace the sensor and I should come back later. Goodyear did replace the oxygen sensor free of charge. They never apologized for the oil spill; no one talked me through what they were doing during the repair. I will not be returning in the future.
Went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire.  Got there at 4:40.  No one could look at it because they had an appointment at 5.  One person working and couldn't look at my car.  No appointments available for tomorrow.  Fail!
Poor service that leaves tenants to fight mildew on their own. When asked to repair something, Rockwel Realty will do it on their terms and refuse to give you notice of when they will enter your apartment despite multiple requests  When asked to clean mildew, they did in fact clean it with bleach while also spilling bleach on my sheets and ruining them. When told about this problem and that the mildew returned they said it was my fault for not turning the heat up and that damage done during service is an inherent risk the tenant is responsible for and nothing could be done. Their solution was for me to clean the mildew instead of properly insulating the unit to prevent mildew.   The entire building also has severe electrical problems that causes all lights to be replaced twice a month. No permanent fixes are made to existing units, but there is constant construction to expand an old building so they can collect more rent.
Was trying to find a rating lower than 1 star but couldn't.  This guy seems nice but he's actually not.  He left me with no heat for the entire winter and I had to get the Allegheny Department of Health involved.    So many better options, really don't rent with Rockwell, odds are that you will regret it.
Some things are a blessing in disguise--such as the time I attempted to relocate to Pittsburgh and found a somewhat decent apartment in the North Side.  I took a tour of the place.  I was hopeful the cat smell would be addressed but when the guy said "Oh, you can smell that?" I should have known then.  The apartment needed painted--badly, but I was willing to deal so that the stress of relocation could go away.  The unit also had no window treatments, no air conditioning, and did I mention the cat smells?    On a Friday, I told them I was interested in the apartment, they told me to mail my security deposit check that day.  I followed direction and mailed it.  I made plans for moving.  They never called to tell me my rent check wasn't recieved on Saturday or the following Monday.  I had to email them to request a copy of my lease when I was told  "The apartment is no longer available, someone came in today and gave a security deposit".  Interesting--so when I asked the office that past Friday they told me not to bring in my check--that mail would suffice.  Something doesn't sound right here.  Their lack of communication also cost me an additional $100 in non-refundable moving expenses as I had put down a deposit with a moving company.    Definately one of the more frustrating things to happen to me during my relocation, but based off the condition the apartment was in, coupled with these poor reviews, I should be counting my blessings.
The people who work here are very rude. I have gone back a few times thinking it may have just been the person working that day was just a rude person, but no it happen every time. I am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there. It is like you are walking into someone's house and bothering them. The people working behind the counter act like you are interfering with there conversation. Plus it is very dirty. Perhaps the people working there should try cleaning the place instead of talking to each other. I will not go back again.
So, I used to come here all the time two years ago and it was amazing.  I thought I had discovered the Shangri-La of coffeehouses in Pittsburgh, but, much to my chagrin, the staff has gotten ruder and less professional over time.  Seriously, all the people here have major attitude problems and need an adjustment.  I refuse to pay good money (and always tip!!!!) when you people glare and judge all your customers.  Also, have you people heard of showering?!?!  When your smell overpowers the smell of coffee in a coffeeshop there's definitely something wrong.  Their sandwiches taste terrible as well, they've always been terrible.  Never going here again unless they re-staff pronto!!!
I used to be all about this place before I moved to New York, so I was excited this morning when I decided to get coffee for my girlfriend and I.   Seriously, fuck this place. I came in, and everyone gave me the once over, and I get the brooding barista act, but as a patron and someone who has worked in the service industry, I feel like there definitely should be some sort humanesque emotion displayed from these people. All three behind the counter looked at me like I had ten eyes and dicks for eyebrows.   I asked for Iced Skim Latte, got a hot one, but hey, small fuck up. It was the exasperated sigh when I corrected them, I could've fucking done without. Still didn't get an iced skim latte.   Also, when I point to something and use the proper name of it, I feel like it shouldn't be a problem for an individual of average intelligence. I ordered an apple dumpling, pointed to the apple dumpling, and thought I was watching them put it in there, until I turned my head for a second, and got a fucking Danish. It wouldn't have been a big fucking deal, IF THEY WERENT FUCKING DICKS THE ENTIRE TIME I WAS THERE.   Yeah, five out of five stars, definitely gonna go again and right my next screenplay.
This is the worst service (or worst non-service) I have ever experienced. Since I can't give zero stars, I'm giving the service one. We didn't eat anything so I can't comment on the food.   My husband and I went to Buffalo Blues last night. We stood at the empty hostess stand for a while. When no one came to seat us, and we couldn't find anyone to seat us, we seated ourselves figuring that's what we were supposed to do.  The bar was full, but not packed. There were only two other tables with guests, one of which had empty plates on the table during this entire experience. After what seemed like forever, my husband got up to find a server. He literally walked around the restaurant to find someone, but couldn't. He then tried to ask the bartender, but she was just as elusive. When he finally found a server,  she acted totally shocked that we were there. Maybe if someone had been doing their job, they wouldn't be surprised to find hungry people in a restaurant.  She came to our table, got our drinks (a soda and a water) and asked us if we were ready to order. When we said no she said she would be back. We could see her chit chatting with another server, but again, couldn't get her attention to come back to take our order. After another ten minutes of waiting for her to return, we put a few dollars on the table for my soda and we left. We ordered a pizza at a local shop and picked it up on our way home.  Twenty-five minutes passed and we only get drinks? Such a waste of time. It took us 20 minutes just to make the drive there, 25 of waiting, and another 20 to get home. That's over an hour of our evening completely wasted which left us starving after a hard days work. I used to work as a server so I could understand if the place was busy and the staff was short handed, but it was basically a dead night table top wise. I will NEVER go back.
I hate this place. I have been here many times and I am just finally getting around to writing a review.  Let me state that my wife made me go here tonight because my friends wanted to and she said I need to indulge their interests. Even if they suck.   Buffalo Blues is like a Hooters, except the girls where more clothes and are not as good looking. The service is horrendous and the food may be better at Hooters.  The beer selection is decent at Buffalo Blues but it is expensive and they often run out of things that are still on the board.  My friends like going for all you can eat wing night but frankly I don't get it. You get 10 wings up front they will give more wings 5 at a time. The problem is that you get those wings in 30 minute intervals.  So the max you could eat is 55 wings. Did I mention that  the wings are really tiny and the sauce is tossed on like a Jackson Pollack painting.  They also charge extra for blue cheese or ranch.  The wings do not come with celery. This is a crime against humanity and the city of Buffalo.    I chose to detour from wings tonight and ordered a chicken sandwich. Apparently this was a bad choice.  It took a full hour to get my food. It was so long that the rest of the table ate their wings and ordered more and the waitress didn't think this was a problem. When my meal did arrive everything was cold. The sandwich was ok, but the fries were just tiny pieces that were limp and flavorless.  I paid $16 for a beer and a sandwich that my friends had to wait for me to eat to leave.  I would say I won't go back, but apparently I like my friends more than I like good food and service.
Went here this past Saturday afternoon, 11/2. My friends and I sat at the pretty much empty bar for over 5 minutes with no service. The bartender walked by us a few times and didn't even acknowledge we were there. As we walked out, we saw the bartender on the phone and other staff members standing in the back chatting. We went next door to Mad Mex and got much better service!
To be honest, I think this is one of the worst bars in the entire city.  The food was sub-par, even for bar food, the service was awful, especially during a game. I do enjoy a good sports bar, but I think the thing I hated most about this place was the other people that frequent there. It's the quintessential Shadyside bar, equipped with doughebag bros that went to the same fraternity in college and the Jersey Shore bimbos who pine for them. The last time that I went there were two guys throwing up outside of the bar on the sidewalk. I fully admit this is a subjective review, because this bar was obviously not my scene- but I still do not like this place at all.
Unfortunately, the service we were given ruined our overall experience at Buffalo Blues. We sat down and put in our drink order.  My husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap. Fifteen minutes later and still without drinks, we saw our server trying to hunt the bartender down. Once the bartender finally started working on our drinks, she realized the keg for the beer my husband ordered was tapped. We were sitting at the booths right next to the bar but instead of the bartender just telling us so we could make another decision and get our drinks as soon as possible, she waited for the waitress to come back to tell her. Then, the waitress came back and did not apologize at all but simply said that he had to pick a different beer because they were out of that one. Anyway, long story short, it took way too long to get drinks and there was never any recognition from the staff of the issue. The restaurant seemed poorly managed and subpar. We will not be back.
Watched a bartender serve a guy a beer when he was visibly intoxicated. He was swaying in circles on the chair next to me. I told the manager about it and he told me "that guy is just crazy, I've seen him much worse" so I guess that makes it ok. Made this paying customer leave after one beer.
I've been to Buffalo Blues a few times at Happy Hour, and met my daughter there last night for Happy Hour specials as advertised on the web site.  First clue:  no Happy Hour promos mentioned in the bar except for the Yeungs and Wings (which was not what we were looking for).  We came close to leaving as my beer was off the draft list, but we decided to stay and were disappointed that my daughter's choice was already gone although still ilsted.  The food was awful, the service worse.  Maybe a busser should clean the table after removing the dirty dishes--our table was a sticky  mess.  The service:  one beer to the table at a time.  Next round I saw two beers go to a three-top, removed and sent to the bar, poured out and the glasses refilled and brought to us.  Someone else's food was brought to our table, our fries came out --lukewarm---but our wing order never went in.  So we got our garlic parm wings which tasted like old overcooked chicken and was way too crispy and greasy for my taste.  We ate two each, then told the server we didn't want them.  She offered to take them off, but we told her that wasn't necessary, so they took off 1/2 the price as a Customer service gesture.  Still, we had a Happy Hour bill for 1/2 eaten fries, barely touched wings, and 6 drafts total of $45 at a dirty table.  At least the place was quiet--there were empty tables everywhere.  I think we're done here.
This place is horrible, I got in and only eat for like 5 mins, everything there was salty and gross.
Absolutely horrible. DO NOT GO HERE. It's like $11 for dinner which isn't bad for Chinese buffets BUT they only have 2 little rows of food. And it all is so bad. The chicken in the chicken and broccoli was so small and it looked disgusting. The sweet and sour chicken looked like drops of hard, fried batter. The general tsaos chicken was soggy and once again the smallest pieces of chicken. Those were basically the options. Plus corn and shrimp, brown green beans, salad bar, and egg roll..so bad. And the waitress gave us our bill and stood there until we got our card out and paid. Will never go there again. Don't go.
Made an appointment for 3:30. They completely forgot I was coming but said they could start on my car in ten minutes and be done in an hour. Came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot. They said it would take another two hours to start work. Completely unhelpful and unapologetic.
I came in with a flat.  They said they couldn't repair the tire because there was cracking on the edges.  True there were cracks, but they were hairline cracks and superficial.  The diagnosis was done just from examining the exterior, which I discovered, is not sufficient to adequately judge if the cracking is bad enough--you have to actually take the tire off.  Coincidentally, all four tires had the light cracking and therefore all four tires would probably need replacing.  Hmmm....  How convenient for Monro?  Well, even if I give them the benefit of the doubt on the tire cracking, the pricing on the tires was ridiculous.  My tires, which were under warranty, would have cost over $500 to get replaced with crap tires (that's with the warranty credit applied).  Oh but wait, they could make me a deal with some in-house tires that were even crappier for $480.  How did I know they were crappy?  I looked them up online.  Guess what else I found.  Both sets of tires were significantly cheaper according to the Manufacturer's website even when including installation, balancing, and disposal!    So no, no thank you.  I don't want to pay $500 to get cheap tires on my car.  Fortunately, my tire would hold air for a few hours so I drove to another place.  They fixed the flat no problem for $20.  Guess that cracking wasn't so bad after all.
I came in here to have a diagnosis done on my car because the ABS light was on.  They removed all the tires, showed me how the sensor and ABS work, did not perform the diagnosis I originally went in for and told me that I should have the back wheel hubs replaced for a total of $1,222, this with a new set of breaks (that I knew about) and "without" charging me labor.  I may not know much about cars but I know how to search the internet and ask for advice. I found the cost of wheel hubs, they are no more than $150 each (for my car) and here they said that they cost $550 each (before labor).   I also found out that the sensors get so soiled from all the dirt and salt that most of the time all the car needs is a simple wash on the undercarriage. You should always have your car washed, specially in the winter. It may save you $100's.  This place will rob you blind.  Never have work done in a place like this until you do your homework!
I took a subaru outback here for the annual state safety and emissions inspections.  First I was charged more for this service than what was clearly posted on the service station wall.  Secondly I was failed for a lug nut that had rusted to the point that the technicians could not get it off.   I was quoted $425 for them to get it off.  I was able to accomplish this with a $6 bottle of penetrating oil and a breaker bar.    When I returned to have the reinspection I was charged for it (their policy posted on the service wall clearly states you get a second inspection within 30 days of initially failing free of charge).  This time they were able to get the lug nut off but supposedly could not get it back on.  This was odd as I had taken it off and put it back on numerous times to ensure it was okay to pass.  They once again quoted me $425, stating they would have to replace the wheel stud.  The new wheel stud cost me $3.50 at the local parts store and I did the job in under an hour without a single power tool.    This shop is not following the guidelines they have clearly posted on their wall and are fabricating problems in an effort to overcharge you for simple repairs.  Avoid this shop.
Have taken my car here a few times because there's a bus stop out front so it's convenient to drop my car off and get to work. But after what happened I will never be back. They just cost me money and lost my tires.   In March I blew a tire on a pothole (naturally) and they replaced the two front tires for me. The second tire was fine but you have to replace both, I kept it so that I would have a spare if another one blew out. Put the tires in my basement, no problem. Saved for a rainy day.   This week I ran over a nail and the tire wasn't fixable so I had to get it replaced. Luckily I've got a spare! I called Monro early this morning to see if I could get in but they said it would be tomorrow at the earliest. I needed my car so I took it to pep boys (three hour turnaround - also the last time I needed an oil change they said they were booked for three days, good lord).   I drop the car off at Pep Boys and tell them the extra tire is in the back. They call me up and tell me the tire is the wrong size. What? Monro gave me the wrong tires back when they replaced them in March. So I had to buy a new tire when I had a perfectly good one that is now god knows where. The tire was the wrong size and definitely didn't come from my car as it wouldn't have fit on the rim.   After paying for the tire at Pep Boys I went over to Monro to see what they would do about it. They informed me that because I already had the new tire put on they couldn't do anything but the next time I came in they "would work with me". Why the hell would I come back when you just screwed me out of a hundred bucks and a good tire? Not worth chancing. Because you couldn't fit me in within a day I get screwed?   If you need tires go to Pep Boys on Milvalle. If you need an oil change go to Midas on Penn Circle they'll be able to get you in and not wait three days.
Ah Monro, where "45 minutes" is actually 2 hours and running at the time of this post. My car is on a lift with no tires and the employees are smoking cigarettes laughing. I can't even escape if I wanted to. At least they turned the heat off in the waiting room. Not like it's November in Pittsburgh or anything...
I wish we had a way to hold this corporation accountable for its crimes against our society.
Please go to the other McDonalds (not too far from here at 120 Penn Cir W).  One time while using their drive-thru service, we realized they forgot to add an item on our receipt. We asked how much the real total is and the employee told me, "like $5.00." WHAT!?!!?!!  CAN YOU PLEASE USE YOUR REGISTER TO TELL ME HOW MUCH THE ACTUAL TOTAL IS!
Prepare to be wowed.   High class dining in one of pittsburgh's up and coming hip neighborhoods. I thought I would try some of the world famous cuisine so I pulled up on a Thursday evening. "Garçon" I asked, "may I try some of your french fried potatoes?" I was greeted with a crackled mutter as I inched my vehicle forward. I was then treated to a relaxing 15 minute wait as nobody moved in line. Perhaps it was the clientele and their healthy orders. Perhaps it was the professional waitstaff, whom I could hear laughing and socializing through my window. Whatever it was, the dining experience was filled with culinary magic and spa-like service. After some deep meditation, I realized that perhaps tonight was not the best night to sample such fine delicacies so I pulled away. I cannot wait to return to this location and try my luck at trying these elusive fries. I highly recommend this palace of excellence.
I don't expect much from fast food restaurants. But I do expect to be spoken to when I am a paying customer. I just went through the drive-thru at this location and, other than taking my order at the speaker, no one said a word to me. There was a different person at each window, and neither of them said hello, your total is, fuck you, nothing. I don't think I've ever encountered such a miserable bunch of people.   Maybe they're upset because their heroin operation was shut down.
They are literally the SLOWEST fast food restaurant I have ever been to. We have tried going through the drive-thru TWICE and BOTH times have left because after someone says "hold on one second", you're still waiting to order 10 minutes later!! Do not go here. There there is one right down the street that is faster!!
I just called Walter's Automotive to make an appointment for a state inspection. After being yelled at by to lady at the front desk in a very inappropriate way I prefer to look for another place. Too bad after all these prior good reviews.
Extremely rude and condescending over the phone. I have not felt more unintelligent or belittled speaking with a businessperson. Personally, I believe that if you are working in customer service you should at least attempt to be amicable with your potential customers. Unfortunately, I hung up feeling like a major inconvenience. I will not work with this company and thankfully found a friendly and very willing to help alternative repair shop on Liberty.
This is for the AAA office in Monroeville, but since they are not on here....  Had to go there to complete car registration!  Not pleasant people - no smiles or greeting to me & others in line (and I was there 3 different times for well over a hour.)  They also shove down your throat their membership.  If that doesn't work, then they try to scare you w/ it.  Or the fact that you'll save sooooo much money by being a member.  And, they are certified as a notary, but they won't go out to verify your VIN... they make you go thru the hassle of seeing a mechanic AND then returning to their office for a 2nd time!
You'll get better service at the proverbial "Bureau of Motor Vehicles."  Visited today to help my son secure title/registration for a car he purchased.     The office opens at 8.30a but nobody actually started helping people until about 8.45a.  And then it was only ONE staff person -- and she was visibly ill (which we later learned was a hangover after overhearing her conversation with a co-worker).    ONE person working among the dozens of desks and workstations.  Granted, it was a Friday morning, but still.  Just one?!?!?!?  I understand the need to schedule people on peak/off-peak demand for services, but this is NOT what I've come to expect from AAA.  It was like a ghost town there.    And nobody smiled at anyone else.   Not at all.  A (small) bunch of unhappy people trapped in a soul-less bureaucracy.  As I said above: it's WORSE than the Bureau of Motor Vehicles.    When we left -- 9.35a -- they were "serving" only customer #4.    Unbelievable.  AAA used to provide service.  Not any more.
there is no option for zero stars so i was forced to give one. 7 weeks ago i wasted an hour of my time and $5 to process a title transfer. BTW, east liberty/motor square garden-their parking lot is awful! who makes paying customers fetch tokens to park? 7 weeks later, no title? for some odd reason, local AAA offices dont post their phone number online? instead, you get the generic 412-363-5100 number which is a call ctr and they have to "transfer" you to the local office? naturally, i get an automatic voicemail. and again naturally, no return phone call. CANT WAIT until AAA calls me to renew my membership. complete incompetence. might as well deal with penndot!
If I could give negative stars I would. After this review, I'm writing the president of AA and if action is not taken to correct the disservice at this location, I will never be a AAA member again. (been one since 1999)   I recently moved from TN and needed to transfer my title and register my Dodge Ram in PA.  This process is costly regardless of where you go, but adding $36+ for every transaction makes AAA the most expensive.  I'm willing to pay for people to deal with this inconvenience for me, but AAA has made it worse than going to the DMV.  Each and every clerk at this location is incompetent, uneducated, and aloof. I should know, I've dealt with at LEAST a dozen. Go to the DMV.  For my very simple transaction, I've had to return to this location 7 (yes that is SEVEN!) times, and it still is not resolved. They've forgotten to request the title from my lien holder, issued the wrong plate for my vehicle, neglected to inform me of steps required by the state... I mean seriously, why would you pay $36 for EACH visit, just to get it wrong. Go to the DMV!  Why did you return there if you were so unhappy, you might ask.  Well once you begin the process at one branch, you cannot transfer to any other branch. (We went to Monroeville to transfer my wife's car and it took 30 minutes, ONCE.) Go to Monroeville, or cancel your AAA membership and go to the DMV!!  Oh, and 30 minutes? that's a dream... I'm waited between 45 minutes and 3.5 HOURS at the East Liberty AAA. Prepare to take the day of work... nay, the WEEK in order to complete any transaction at this facility. Go to the DMV!!!!  It has now been over 5 months since I started this process and it's still up in the air. they don't know what I still need to do, but they are happy to keep charging me to figure it out.  Save yourself hundreds of dollars and a weeks worth of lost wages and just GO TO THE DMV!!!!!!!! Yeah it might seem sterile and slow, but at least they aren't serial criminals. It'll be over with like waking up from a bad dream, instead of the reoccurring nightmare that is the East Liberty AAA.  Oh, and if you think this is a harsh review... Call their number, 412-365-7196. 9 times out of 10 it just rings and rings.. once I timed it for more than 30 minutes before I got an answer (with no apology).  If you are in the AAA, you'll know I'm calling.  It's the constant ring in the background that NOBODY answers.
If I could give negative stars I would. After this review, I'm writing the president of AA and if action is not taken to correct the disservice at this location, I will never be a AAA member again. (been one since 1999)   I recently moved from TN and needed to transfer my title and register my Dodge Ram in PA.  (a Dodge Ram is a truck... in case you didn't know... cause they didn't) This process is costly regardless of where you go, but adding $36+ for every transaction makes AAA the most expensive.  I'm willing to pay for people to deal with this inconvenience for me, but AAA has made it worse than going to the DMV.  Each and every clerk at this location is incompetent, uneducated, and aloof. I should know, I've dealt with at LEAST a dozen. Go to the DMV.  For my very simple transaction, I've had to return to this location 7 (yes that is SEVEN!) times, and it still is not resolved. They've forgotten to request the title from my lien holder, issued the wrong plate for my vehicle, neglected to inform me of steps required by the state... I mean seriously, why would you pay $36 for EACH visit, just to get it wrong. Go to the DMV!  Why did you return there if you were so unhappy, you might ask.  Well once you begin the process at one branch, you cannot transfer to any other branch. (We went to Monroeville to transfer my wife's car and it took 30 minutes, ONCE.) Go to Monroeville, or cancel your AAA membership and go to the DMV!!  Oh, and 30 minutes? that's a dream... I'm waited between 45 minutes and 3.5 HOURS at the East Liberty AAA. Prepare to take the day of work... nay, the WEEK in order to complete any transaction at this facility. Go to the DMV!!!!  It has now been over 5 months since I started this process and it's still up in the air. they don't know what I still need to do, but they are happy to keep charging me to figure it out.  Save yourself hundreds of dollars and a weeks worth of lost wages and just GO TO THE DMV!!!!!!!! Yeah it might seem sterile and slow, but at least they aren't serial criminals. It'll be over with like waking up from a bad dream, instead of the reoccurring nightmare that is the East Liberty AAA.  Oh, and if you think this is a harsh review... Call their number, 412-365-7196. 9 times out of 10 it just rings and rings.. once I timed it for more than 30 minutes before I got an answer (with no apology).  If you are in the AAA, you'll know I'm calling.  It's the constant ring in the background that NOBODY answers.
Worst experience.  Slow, rude, unhelpful, and completely clueless.  After one hour here and talking to 4 different people, I was absolutely no closer to getting my driver's license renewed.
This place sucks! Not only do you have to pay more for routine DMV services if you are not an AAA member, you will wait for literally HOURS to be seen. Complete waste of life. I hate this place with a passion!!!!
I never write reviews... but just had to for this piece of work. I usually blow off overly negative reviews (read prior reviews about this place) assuming they are disgruntled customers looking to whine about something.  Well this place has been completely incompetent getting my title transferred from out of state. Weekly calls over 3 months, and now my temporary registration has been expired for a week and they don't know when I'll have legal plates. They promise to call me back right away, and it takes a week.   It is just frustrating that these folks are this incapable of completing a simple job. Go somewhere else. Anywhere else.
Extremely bureaucratic employees. Bad facility, even without a trash can in the room. The waiting is forever not only because there are many people in the line, but also a result as a low efficiency of the staff.
Stay away from Nichole..... She provides terrible customer service at this location. I never seen such a rude person in this county so far. Seems like she don't wanted to take care of the customers. Very poor
Avoid this place/service if you are military.  Place was a little bit of a disaster. Its easy to be dissatisfied and rant about a customer services organization. So i take my hits with a grain of salt with these places (and not yelp about it). But this place's incompetency took the cake.  Im military living outside of PA. Made calls to AAA and asked if i could renew my PA license on the spot - was told i could. So i drove 6 hours there on a weekend to renew. Upon arriving i got three different stories from three different AAA people (all adamant on their stance of how to renew). It ended with the last person telling me I couldnt do it (had to wait 10 days for a camera card first before renewing - which I couldnt do). The confusion wouldnt have been that much of a gripe to yelp about - but the 'matter of fact' language used with all the conflicting opinions of a non existent policy was the nail in the yelp coffin for them. Having a 12 hour drive wasted didnt make it any better as well.
I called the phone number for this AAA listed on Google yesterday, and I asked the lady about Travel Visa cards. My husband is going to the Bahamas, works during all of their business hours here, and needs a travel card. I asked about the foreign exchange markup and about what I needed to bring with me to get a card in my husband's name. She said nothing and that you can get up to 4 cards on one account and give them to anyone. So I said OKAY! and then the next day drove the 25 minutes into East Liberty (my LEAST favorite place to drive in Pittsburgh), and I get there, sit down with the cashier, and find I cannot get my travel card because my husband isn't with me and he needs to be sitting there in order for her to assign a card to him. She told me about companion cards, which apparently can be given to anyone, but only if they come with you to the office. She tried to be helpful by offering a suggestion to visit my bank, but she should have been able to give me the companion card for my husband to use in the Bahamas. I should have the right and prerogative to set up a dedit card, put a ton of cash on it, and give someone the card and the pin to use. I will never come to this place again. Sad to say the other reviews I read of this place are accurate.
I would rather drive out of my way to another Home Depot than give this location my business.   Employees are unhelpful and the most of them are too busy talking to each other and complaining about their jobs to notice you're standing there in front of them. Strike that... I'm certain they notice, they just don't care.  I'm a pretty understanding person, but when this sort of thing happens more than once on the same visit, it's time to go. There are plenty of HD's around, seek them out and skip this one (especially if you're going to have questions)!
What has happened to the East Liberty Home Depot?  It used to be my "go-to" place for everything DIY, but no longer.    I stopped by yesterday to pick up about nine items, all of them basic home improvement supplies: cabinet handles, tension rods, quarter round molding, etc.  I came away with NONE of it.  Everything we wanted was OUT OF STOCK!  When I asked if I could order it and have it delivered to the store (to save the shipping costs) I was told that the items I wanted were not "qualified" for delivery to the store.  "When will the items be restocked?"  "Don't know."  "Would it be possible to get the items delivered from another store in the region?"  "No, that 'messes with' our inventory controls."  Oh, but I was told I could haul my sorry butt out to Monroeville where the stock of everything I wanted was plentiful.  Really?   The staff I dealt with could not have cared less about helping me.  Maybe because it was a holiday (New Year's Eve).  Dunno.  Don't care.  Customer service should not ebb and flow based on the day/date.    The East Liberty HD used to have shelves full of product and plenty of choices.  And the staff was helpful and eager to engage with customers.  No longer.  It appears that the company has given up on the location and is letting it die a slow and painful (for its customers) death.    VERY disappointing to me.
If you know exactly what you need and won't be asking for any assistance, then any Home Depot is fine. However, if you do need assistance, want to ask questions or take a class, then I recommend going somewhere else, anywhere else really. The customer service at this location is terrible. I once signed up for a class here, and they even had the class written on the board at the front of the store. However, once inside they had no idea and after being handed off to different people, the fifth employee decided to hold an impromptu class just for me, which consisted of him reading the class instructor's manual on the computer and then telling me what it said. I took another trip here to get some lumber and have it cut, and that was an adventure because the employee working in the lumber section had never used the wood cutter equipment. I'd say that 9 out of 10 employees will purposely avoid you or won't be able to answer your question. Now, perhaps it is tough for this location to find knowledgeable employees, but then Home Depot Corp should bring in a better management team and work to improve their employees' customer service skills and content knowledge. As the store stands right now, it appears that Home Depot just does not care, and that's a shame.
good luck trying to get them  on the phone Usually, the garden center is out of many plants early the sales are usually better at Lowe's Overall,  shopping there is a poor experience. I'm writing this while on hold on the phone for the garden center
Waiting 20 minutes to get one piece of wood cut in an empty store on a Friday afternoon.  Priceless!
Terrible cashiers here   Very rude  This homedepot is doing a terrible job   Never again here
I really like this shop. I can just spend hours walking around getting ideas of things to either update or change around my home. All the sales associates are extremely useful and educated. Occasionally it is difficult to seek out someone to aid you because they may be busy helping other customers.
Avoid this place. You could spend hours there looking for something without anyone in sight to help you, and when you do see an employee they walk the other way half the time. The employees are nice but I get the sense it's managed terribly.  For the amount of business they do you would think HD could up their effort here.
Terrible dry cleaners! Poor customer service. I have gone there for convenience sake, but ultimately, I spend more time pointing out their poor quality and returning a second and third time to fix their mistakes than actually saving time. I made the mistake of not inspecting my items at the counter, and when I bring them back the next day, saying that they are still dirty, they have the nerve to make me pay for it again. I will never go there again, and I recommend you don't either.
They do not take pride in their work.  While clothes are usually cleaned and pressed well, they do not make an effort beyond that.  If you ask them to take out a stain, they don't. Clothes given for repairs or tailoring are done right about half the time, the rest of the time they get lost.  If you ask them to do two things to a garment, that is way beyond them --  will do the hem but not the button, etc.  They also lose things, more than once.  Do not take your clothes there because they will damage or lose them.
Simply awful!  I dropped off three suits Friday afternoon, and the person who wrote my order was rude, but I brushed it off and chalked it up to a bad day.  As promised, they were ready Monday after 5pm.  I brought them home and was shocked.  The backs of the jackets had the EXACT SAME wrinkles in them that they did when I dropped them off.  Furthermore, there was the EXACT SAME crease in the left sleeve as when I dropped it off.  Additionally, they did not smell so well.  To make matters worse, they just hung the jackets on wire hangers without any cardboard to keep the natural shape of the jackets.  The suits were all custom tailored and not cheap by any stretch of the imagination.  I refuse to even let them touch my suits again, let alone any other article of clothing.  I should have read into the clue of the rude employee, but hindsight is always 20/20.  The worst $35.00 I've ever spent.   AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
They've ruined my clothes on 2 separate occasions! I would not have returned had I known before I went to wear what I thought were "perfectly clean" clothes from Shadyside Valet. They are Streaky at best! Stay away! They are awkwardly rude in a very nice way. Also they failed to even attempt to remove stains from my clothes, as asked expressly, on two other occasions. I took care of those stains myself. I'm ditching them and calling my bank to get a refund!That placed is cursed! ....Nothing but BAD EXPERIENCES!!! I want you to know I'm not just an "Angry Customer". They really do suc!!!! After reading the other review's I have them a " 1 star" Instead of 2. Giving them one is crime in itself.
Very rude and condescending. They have a way of really getting under your skin within a few minutes of trying to talk to them.
We went there to get two new back tires. We we pulled out the lot we start hearing a loud grinding noise. We took it back and now they're saying there's something wrong with our breaks. But we didn't have that problem until we left their lot! And then we talked to the boss and the big boss and "there's nothing we can do about it" they said.   We used our hard earned money about $300 to get something fixed and now we have something broken that wasn't until they touched it... Don't go here. And then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too. Get it together Midas!
My experience was similar to Amy R. Midas installed a tie rod INCORRECTLY. I of course didn't notice (who looks at their tie rod after having one installed). When I had my state inspection done, my neighborhood mechanic found the problem and fixed it (which I had to pay for). I complained to Midas and they said that I should have had the neighborhood mechanic put my car back together and then drive the car to Midas to re-install the tie rod properly. Since I would have had to pay my mechanic labor anyway, and Midas had already shown that they didn't know how to properly install tie rods, this option made no sense to me. My car is working fine now (thanks to my neighborhood mechanic) but it was like pulling teeth to get any money back from Midas. It was only after I complained to the PA Attorney General that they refunded the money I paid them for the faulty tie rod installation. Like Amy R., they offered to give me a free service (I think it may have been an alignment). But my safety is important to me so I'm never letting them touch my car again. The Attorney General tried to get Midas to give me the money I had to pay my neighborhood mechanic (which I wouldn't have had to pay but for their ineptitude). However, Midas refused (the owner called me a liar, by the way), and the AG is merely a mediator and can't force Midas to do anything. The AG did, however, suggest that I file a civil claim with the magistrate and thought I had a good case. I chose not to because the filing fee is $94 and the potential upside was only $200 (with the downside being I lose the case and am out $94 in addition to the $200 I already paid).   As an aside, I took our other car in for work a while back. My spare is under the trunk (you have to lift the carpet cover). I don't expect them to put everything back exactly where it was but it was as if they put on a blindfold and just threw things in as messily as they possibly could. I've NEVER experienced such a lack of consideration or professionalism.  DO NOT take your car to Midas!! They do faulty work that can jeopardize your safety. The are unprofessional and discourteous. They place NO value on customer satisfaction. Take your business elsewhere!!
I called to find out if I needed an appointment to which I was told "just come now we can take you" then when I gave them my keys they said come back in three hours. Guy was also trying to push a credit card and seemed upset when I said I didn't want one. Three hours later when I came to get my car transaction was processed and he was ready to let me go on till I brought up that The paper said something had been broken on my last oil change. That's funny because between my last oil change and this one I personally checked them oil meter and it was not broken. Furthermore I week later I found my car's belt system was broken. The guy who fixed it said someone must've broken and although I don't agree it's something they could've seen. Not coming back even though it's rather convenient
Crooks. Brought my car for tire rotation&oil change, we specifically discussed that my oil change will be $19.99. Got a call from them later trying to sell me alignment, brake jobs, more expensive oil ($55 !!) - the usual crap they sell to people because they think they are idiots. Refused all of those. Came to pick up my car after work and waited for 1 hr 20 min, was last one at the shop. Saw that my car is out and saw the chart brought to the frontdesk a while ago, but the frontdesk guy didn't give it to me for good half hour for no apparent reason. When I asked what's up he finally processed my car and it turned out that he put in the most expensive oil in the shop.   Dude, do you really think I can't see you did it on purpose? You couldn't convince me to buy any extras so you thought you'll sneak this in and I won't notice. Then when I noticed, you tried to bullshit me that this is the only option for my car.  Cheaters should go out of business. I hope you do.
Seriously just don't do it. Had a 11 am appointment and was told it would be a hour wait. I got comfortable and finished some work. Let's just say I waited for close to 5 hours. Of course with tons of suggestions totaling almost $800. My quick oil change turned into a day long event and I honestly don't know if they even completed the oil change.
If you are in the market for a 6 hour oil change I have found the place for you.   So this will be my first ever review online. I brought my truck in for a flat tire yesterday and an oil change. I dropped the truck off at 12:36 PM and was told it would take 2-3 hours. So I left the truck there. At 4:30PM I returned after work thinking it must be complete since it was 4 hrs later. At 5:00PM the front desk guy asked me if I was also in need a of an oil change (which I found shocking considering it was what I brought in for and was not even started yet.) 5:15PM I ask how much longer it was going to take. The front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer. I respond that it was to be completed almost 2 hours prior. He stated that that they were busy. Then he knew how busy they were when I dropped the truck off. So why was I not told an truthful time of how long it would actually take, so that I could decide if I wanted drop it off or not? At 5:30 he asked me what if I just wanted the tire in the bed of my truck. I responded that I wanted the tire put back under the truck. For some reason they translated that I wanted the spare tire on the truck and put the chrome tire back under my truck. At this point I'm starting to look for the hidden camera, thinking it has to be some sort of joke. Even when I told the clerk that that I had to pick up my daughter after school at 6 they seemed to move even slower. At one put I could see 3 of them gathered around a cell phone. 6:15 PM my truck is finally done. Was charged for full synthetic oil (even though i never asked for it).   So in conclusion:  Does not value the time of the customers Long drawn out service w/ no sense of urgency Bunch of clown. Don't waste your time, go some place were they care about getting your car work completed in a timely fashion.
Slow service and response. I've lived in one of the apartments motheral inc manage for more than a year. They were irresponsible for repairing facilities. Our ac wasn't working when we moved in, and they told us it doesn't matter cuz summer is over and it's still not be repaired now. Linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude. Always come without prior notice and leave our doors open. Not recommend.
This is the greasiest pizza I've ever had in Pittsburgh, I couldn't eat it.
Provolone sticks arrived undercooked, cheese was fully solid, they tasted okay. The pizza also arrived undercooked, the dough itself was partially uncooked in the middle. I had to put it back into my own oven to finish it off, and then it was greasy and just okay.
When my boyfriend and I were down with the flu, we ordered some food here through Eat24. I got a chicken noodle soup and he got the seafood calzone. When I unpacked the food and tried a sip of my soup, I found that it was cold and had bubbles in it, as if there was soap in it. I couldn't really taste anything, but my boyfriend said it smelled like dishwater. To say the least, I was disappointed in my soup. When my boyfriend cut into his calzone, he said the cheese was barely melted. We thought it was undercooked and touched the outside. It was cold, as if it was sitting out in the open for a long time. He tried to take a bite, but the dough was barely even cooked and the contents of the seafood calzone was cold and tasted sour. This was our first time ordering from here and it was such a sad experience to have, since our food was inedible. I heard this place was good and had great calzones and tasty soup, but what we received was the complete opposite from the praise I've heard about this place.
I am not a mean person, not a vindictive person. I bear the friendly people of Pizza Parma no ill will.  But their pizza was remarkably terrible.  Went there, hungry, a bit past midnight, looking for a little something before going home to sleep. They don't have slices--this seems to be a (terrible, stupefying, egregious) trend in these parts. Fine. The smallest pizza, a "personal" pie, costs $7 and is 7" in diameter. The cashier and I agree that that's a very small amount of pizza, and since I'm hungrier than one and one half mouthsful, I get a "small," which is 10". I add a mushroom topping. I pay my $11.21 and wait.  There are two seating options inside the store: a small wooden bench, and two fold up chairs around a little table. Conveniently, they were using the wooden bench to store a rolled up carpet that laid across the whole thing, and they'd also elected to fold up the two folding chairs, probably because they were tired from a long day of being used as chairs. So I waited outside the store on a bench.  The friendly cashier and the friendly patrons waiting for their order indoors called me over when my pizza was ready. I took it outside, sitting in the cold to eat it, thinking, "I hope this $11 pizza is pretty good." Opened up the box, saw how pitifully small a 10" pizza is, and started eating.  Let me say something about pizza: if you have decent cheese, decent tomato sauce, flour, water, and a hot oven, you can make a passable pizza. I will eat it and think, "well this isn't the best pizza I've ever had but it's fine." That is not what I thought when I ate Pizza Parma's pizza. I thought, "it would be too rude and insulting to ask for my money back. I'll just try to eat as much of this as I can."  I ate three out of the six "slices." (One sixth of a 10" pizza is a total of *25/6 = 13 square inches. That sounds like a lot of pizza, but in fact is a tiny amount of pizza.) I couldn't stand to eat more than half. The mushrooms were fine; I fished them out and ate them. The cheese was actually terrible; it had a strange chemical taste and plasticky appearance. The crust was poofy and not crusty.  Ashamedly, I threw half of a pizza away tonight. Folks, I am not a food destroyer. I eat things I don't like, and expired foods, because I don't want to waste. It takes a legitimately terrible pizza for me to actually throw the thing away.  Went home, made some eggs, and guess what? The terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago? It's still in my mouth. I'm not making this up.  I know there's good pizza around here. Ordered two back to back slices at Spak Brothers--delicious! Tasty! Reasonable price! But whoaaaaaaa whoa was this terrible, overexpensive pizza. Sheesh.
Terrible pizza. Just plain gross. The crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic. I would never order their food again. Gross, gross, gross.
We ordered their supreme pizza (Parma Pizza). It tasted like a frozen pizza, but with less flavor (which is an impressive feat). The crust was hard and flavorless. We also had the chocolate cake. This was a mistake. Avoid this place at all costs.
How any one could bring themselves to eat here is astounding. The places are dirty, the food is bad, and the prices are too high. This is a cookie cutter pizza of low quality, low character, and minimal emphasis on cleanliness. Never again....
Since I'm in a bad mood, I figured that i would turn to Yelp and write another review about pizza Parma!!! You see kids, My last review was removed, it was a two star (ha, now you lose a whole other star, smarty pants turn me inner) because I spoke about how horrible the pizza was. How utterly disgusted I was with it.   For your sensitivities, I'll be less graphic this time around, okay kiddo?  I spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza. My gut was a mess and calling a spade a spade, the pizza is overpriced for the quality or lack of quality, that is.  The hoagie was no better. Even my six year old thought it was horrid and that kid almost eats anything.   I still recommend eating at other pizza places because I feel it's my yelping duty to save others from a gross, distrusting dining experience.   Plus, it took forever for us to received said pizza, as if some master mind spent quality time, assuring it's rancidness.  Whatever. Go ahead and turn me into the Yelp police for being honest about your bad, awful, terrible pizza!
When I was a kid my mom took all 6 of us here (ten years ago). Because of that fact I choose this place as an adult. It was AWEFUL! My appointment was at 8:30 am, I was on time. I sat in the waiting room until 9 am. When I asked when I would be seen they seemed to think I was already seen! I waited 30 mins in the lobby. Not cool!
The appointment was rushed and they didn't seem to take one of my vision concerns seriously. I wouldn't go back here, especially with so many options for eye doctors in the area.
I came here based on a positive Yelp review. I experienced a totally different laundromat than that reviewer. The place is dingy, bordering on dirty, and poorly organized. The machines wobble and make a lot of noise and the customers seem really kind of hostile and aggressive--I can see why, especially if this is the only laundromat available to you.   I would only come here again if I have no other choice!
I was all set to want to give this place 3 stars simply because another laundry place put me in a bind and this place was open 24 hrs.  I thought the late hours alone should give it a star. Then I had this experience  --Poor ventilation I could barely breath its cramped and small with dryers and washers lining two narrow corridors.   ---- misleading advertising it boasts "high capacity" washers an says its air conditioned, well the air conditioners and vents in the ceiling both were dripping in black dust and look like they were installed in 1963. which might have been why I felt an instant asthma attack coming on.   Then the high capacity washers were all of 2.... not great enough to meet demand as it turns out one girl took up both of them while I was waiting. Then another woman waited for hers to wash and took up two again this was at 1030-11:00  pm at night so I can only Imagine what its like to try and get one at other hours.   Then there was this guy I guess he was an attendant or the owner, he was wiping down the machines and dryers. I was moving my clothes out of the dryer and I had put my bras hangers and a few shirts on top of my washer. I was literally loading right in the same area and was heading back to grab my things when he touched them!!  Ugh laundry violation ya don't touch someone's wet clothes it feels like that time in college when someone would mess with you and dump your clothes behind the washers if you didn't move them out quickly enough. Sooo that pissed me off...... but I have to get the job done so I load up my clothes.   I come back in to check on drying clothes.... and what do I find but my dryer mysteriously switched from high heat to low heat. Now I am forced to put in another quarter to finish my load. All in all I spent 8$ at the econowash for 2 large loads I wasn't able to do my third load in the washers he had for under that. I can do that much at Laundry Factory around the corner though. So I will be going there. I don't need a creepy dude changing my dryer settings and touching my stuff.
everything is a cluster.  the store.  the parking lot.  the people -- customers included.  full-on cluster. barely any parking for a massive, heavily polluting pick up truck.  inside: avocados are the price of gold, and there are no goddamn vegan taco spices at a place that's supposed to be so fancy.    meh.  go to market district where they keep it real.  real classy!!!
the parking lot @ this wholefoods is an ABOMINATION!  to compound the issue, whole foods allows their purveyors to park on centre ave (a road that is already miserable enough to drive on) and block traffic. this past monday, a shearer potato chip truck was blocking the right lane. doesn't whole foods have a loading dock? i wrote an email to the district president and he had one of his store minions respond: "you can park @ walgreens". sorry, i am shopping @ wholefoods NOT walgreens. translation: whole foods developers were TOO CHEAP to buy the proper amount of real estate. dont even bother coming here fri-sun unless you like a clusterF*** lot full of zombies. this is the 5th WF i have shopped @ (4 in florida) wholefoods should have opened in the south hills. the demographics out there would support it. this wholefoods is BUSH LEAGUE!
I have tried Whole Foods recently even after hearing about the attitude of the butthole, hipster employees and presumptuous, bourgeois customers that will literally push you aside a turn their noses up at you a million times. The rumors were true!!!   Even though I was only there one time, first impressions are a bitch! The selection is great! I can't afford any of it, but it's great! I have never seen such expensive rice! Here is the bro-down...  The food: Plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying. The freshest fish that isn't in the Strip...but you need to take a second mortgage to buy fish for a family. I bought sushi rice, a piece of fish and a salad, my bill: $25! The salad with lettuce, carrots, chick peas, onions and about 5 pieces of chicken was $11+  The employees: Hipsters with thick-rimmed glasses, tattoos and facial piercings that slack like I have never seen "workers" slack before. In fact there was a sign above some fresh fish stating "We will prepare you fish any way you want, just ask" HA...HA! When I asked to have a tiny fish to be filleted (something that would take me about 10 seconds at home) I was scoffed at by the so called fish monger who was obviously not a trained fish monger, but got his job because of his Progressive music of the soviet era bachelors degree . It took him the better part of 20 minutes to fillet a f-ing fish! All I got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless. And scoffing is what these people are good at. Pushing your cart down the aisles is like running a scoffing gauntlet. Staff huff and puff when you get in their way?! The cashiers just stand and talk to each other or run to get organic iced tea to drink WHILE they ring you up...they don't even do that at Giant Eagle!  The other customers: This one is a peach! If you're not pulling in a good $60K a year you are dirt to these people. I was at the salad bar (it is a good salad bar, but expensive) an older woman in a mink coat bumped, no, pushed into me then stared at me and turned her nose up at me, can you believe it? She actually turned her nose up at me! Others in the aisles will grunt like cantankerous old people if they can't get through. They push ahead in line, give you dirty looks, and act like it's a class struggle...it kind of is!  So unless you have a lot (i mean A LOT) of disposable income, have never needed to use coupons, drive a $50K car (parking is terrible there), are the president of the United States, CEO of Microsoft, a widow whose wardrobe is more extensive than the explanation of the formula explaining an event horizon or a hipster who looks poor, but lives off daddy and mommy (though they'll never admit it) you shouldn't and really won't be able to afford this place...but why would you want to?  I'll stick with Trader Joe's for my alternative market, thank you! I prefer employees with edges that are a little rough to ones with pants so tight, I can see their junk.
I always thought 1-star reviews on Yelp were written by bitter, resentful people who had nothing better to do than just complain. But now I feel their pain. It really doesn't hit you, until it... hits you.  You pay a premium at WF, you expect a premium, right? Well parking is part of the shopping experience. It's why they have parking lots in the first place. But never mind the atrocious parking lot and not being able to easily maneuver in it.  I'm talking about being TOWED. Towed, not for leaving the parking lot, but for legitimately shopping at WF. Yes, this could happen to you too.  Upon contacting the towing company, they demanded $135 (cash only) to return my vehicle. Upon contacting WF (since I was a legitimate shopper there and didn't leave the lot) they just shrugged their shoulders and just told me the name of the company that managed the lot.  And that's it?! $135 is no chump change, but it seems like WF wants me to carry an extra $135 every time I frequent them (thankfully, never, since I don't live in Pittsburgh). This whole parking/towing situation is extremely shady, but the only company I'm going to point my finger at is Whole Foods for doing business with such a shady complex and passing the burden on to its customers.  Tip: Bring an extra $135 to pay for parking, or just go to Trader Joe's/Giant Eagle for a better parking/shopping experience.
I loved it, parking and all, after all, they had Palak Paneer! Mmmmm. It was tasty. I spent a lot, but I was ok with the occasional splurge. the second trip, i again bought my hit foods Palak Paneer and it had obviously gone over.   Ever have whoopsies after green Indian cuisine?  It's off my list now. Forever.
I found a bone in a package of in-store made turkey burgers (the tequila lime ones if it matters). Not cool.
what a horrible thanksgiving dinner, dry turkey, lumpy pototoes, freaky string beans, this is a real live and learn never again, wrote to the store for a comment, but no response, this was to expensive to waste, but that's exactly what it was
If I could give them zero stars, I would. Awful! My car wouldn't start so I called the tow and he managed to get it started, but it's been acting up so I brought it in anyways. After having my car for an entire week and not calling me once, after I've called twice, the man on the phone told me it was ready to pick up, nothing wrong with it. When I went to pick it up, I turned it on and before I could even leave the lot, it died! I went back in and told him that the tow truck operator hooked it up to a jumper box and pumped the gas to start it. That's what he did. Then told me it probably didn't start because it was sitting so long. Then he told me "I don't know anything about your car"! I left and sure enough had trouble getting it started at my next destination, had to pump the gas pedal. Yeah, that sounds like "nothing's wrong". DO NOT BRING YOUR CAR HERE. THEY ADMITTEDLY KNOW NOTHING ABOUT CARS!
So, I take my SUV here on Sunday in an effort to know why it was running so roughly. I spoke with Brian at the desk who was very polite and professional. Sunday went by then Monday went by. Tuesday morning I get a call from Brian who stated that they couldn't fix my car due to not being able to remove a bolt without possibly getting in over their heads. What!? Are you freaking kidding me!? A NATIONALLY KNOWN GARAGE IS AFRAID TO REMOVE A BOLT!!?? Then I had to pay them $102.67 to get my SUV back. I HAD TO PAY THEM TO WASTE MY TIME AND DO NOTHING!! I know that they say never say never, but I'm going to go out on a limb here and say never. NEVER WILL I TAKE MY CAR HERE AGAIN. I am so very disappointed in AAMCO.
BEWARE - I rented from Franklin West when I was getting my Master's at Carnegie Mellon. They use CMU students as ATM machines and will do everything humanly possible to stick it to you when you move out especially if you are leaving Pittsburgh.   My list of complaints:  1) they charged me three months rent after I moved out, while the apartment was vacant. This was not in the lease. They conveniently forgot to mention this until I gave them my advance notice i was going to vacate the apartment.   2) they did not return my $1500 security deposit.   3) three years after I move out, they send some delinquent account to a credit agency (they still owe me my security deposit), messing up my credit rating. They never reached out to me, not once!
I would caution against this rental company. The properties are beautiful to look at and they roll out the red carpet when you are considering their apartments but once you are in and a tenant, all the niceness stops. They are indifferent and treat every service request conversation as if it is a legal document saying the right things in the vaguest possible manner but not following through.  I was completely misled by them when I was in the market for an apartment but I know better now.
Basically a group of lawyers who understand how to use archaic Pittsburgh laws to screw over students. Ridiculous policies and move out fees. Their auto renewing leases are  set in as traps
I really wish I would have looked at these reviews before choosing to rent with Franklin west. Please take all of these negative reviews seriously because they are valid. They really do try to impress you when looking at the properties and they do have nice properties. As soon as you're in a lease the courtesy ends. They do everything they can to charge you extra fees. The management is horrible and never understanding. I know what a process apartment hunting can be but please look elsewhere.
I really feel bad about giving a one-star review.  First, it's not about the service, price, decor, or the food.  I'm writing this review after going there twice.  The first time my husband and I went, the dinner was good.  We thought this place has the potential to be our go-to Chinese restaurant in Pgh.  Today I remembered that they have an early-bird special 3-6pm (m-sat).  The won ton soup was not authentic (more like chicken noodle soup) but wasn't bad.  The entree was fine.    What really knocked the score down to 1 is the awful tobacco/cigarette smell from the tea!! ? !!   I had to go to the grocery store and buy a pack of gum.  The smell wouldn't leave me so I came home to rinse my mouth with Listerine (2-3 minutes) then brush (as long as I could) to get rid of the smell.  Did they use the tea pot as an ash tray?    [first visit: 3 stars] + [second visit: -5 stars] = [ -2 stars]
Closed.  Signage down.  Boarded up tight.  Phone disconnected.
This is a cut and paste from a review I wrote on apartmentratings.    I read the poor reviews for Kamin, but decided to reserve my judgement of their places until I saw for myself. I must say that after my experience today, I'm thinking that the reviews here are far from hyperbolic.   I was scheduled to see two units today - one on Walnut and one on S. Negley. When my boyfriend and I arrived at the first place, the building manager, Paul informed us that we could just look at the unit on Walnut Street because, "They are identical apartments...Same builder and everything, but if you want to fight against traffic this time of day, we can." First of all Paul, the floor plan may be the same, but no two units are alike. The kitchen may have been updated in one or maybe the bathroom tile was different, the building may smell different and maybe a potential tenant wants to see the view out the window. Secondly, if we're going to potentially sign a lease to pay almost $1,400 per month, we'd at least like to see the actual unit we'd be living in. In addition to that, the other apartment was only three blocks from this building. We felt that the 8 minute walk would not be that terrible of an inconvenience (for us anyway, but then again Paul seemed to be in a hurry.)   Anyway, we got to the first place and Paul let us in. Rather than engage us or talk to us about the apartment, he just stood there in the living room with his arms crossed and left us to wander through the apartment on our own. He didn't offer any information and answered our questions with one or two word answers. Seriously, if he's that rude now, what's he going to be like when the lease gets signed? Strike one.   After we left the building on Walnut, the boyfriend and I walked down to S. Negley and met Paul there. He let us in and led us upstairs where he actually let a door slam right in my face. What a nice guy! And so gentlemanly! Strike Two. When we got to the second apartment, we were wandering around when I noticed a gigantic water mark with bubbling paint and all in the corner of the ceiling in one of the bedrooms with a lovely black stain that I can only assume is mold. The current tenant informed me that the roof leaked. Noooooow I know why Paul didn't want us looking at the second unit! Strike three. Kamin's out. We just turned around and walked out at that point.    I do have to say though that Paul did us a favor by being so incredibly rude, unprofessional and overall kind of a tool. Heck maybe he hates working for Kamin and this is his way of "sticking it to the man." If it weren't for him, we may have believed whatever BS story a *good* salesman would have given us about how they're fixing the roof or whatnot and we may have actually bought the story and been miserable for a year. How lucky for us that Kamin has such a "pleasant" guy dealing with the public. It's sad though because overall the apartments would be very desirable if it weren't for Paul and the obviously leaking roof. On to greener pastures!   Read more: http://www.apartmentratings.com/rate/PA-Pittsburgh-Kamin-Realty-Corporation-1643760.html#ixzz2RU5PJE81
Kamin Realty showed a profound lack of professionalism.  Would take several days to respond to e-mails, if they chose to respond at all.  I had to make several phone calls to ever get a response from a Kamin representative who was not helpful or gracious to work with.  Put a deposit down on a place, however 3 days later, due to unforeseen circumstances I had to cancel. Instead of working with me on refunding or possibly working out a re-advertising cost Kamin denied any services and left me out $700 dollars.   In the end, I am glad things didn't work out since they seemed like they would be horrible landlords.
I haven't even moved into my apartment yet and I'm already regretting renting a property with Kamin. Paul showed us the apartment and he was very nice. I would give him a 5 start rating. It's the woman who answers the phones and emails that I find extremely rude and off-putting. So far, she has hung up on me on the phone, raised her voice to me multiple times, and told me to "get myself a calendar" when I asked to get back into my apartment during the week of Memorial Day. I then sent an email with questions for Paul because I didn't want to deal with her anymore. Paul never saw my email and instead she answered my long email of questions with a one word sentence.   If I could back out of my lease at this point, I totally 100% would, solely because of the receptionist. But unfortunately I am trapped. Their apartments are decent, but the receptionist needs to attend a few sessions of customer service training and general etiquette courses.
For our last lunch in Pittsburgh we decided to return to the Big Burrito Group; Eleven was quite good and both Gayot and Pittsburgh Magazine compared the experience at Casbah favorably to that of Big Burrito's crown jewel.  Citing a mix of Mediterranean and Northern African influences with a bargain Piccola Gusto Menu for lunch and the option for indoor or al fresco dining it seemed as if Casbah was a can't miss option...well, sometimes things don't turn out quite as you expect - almost everything that transpired from the moment we arrived until the moment we left was a failure.  When our server, a young woman named Amanda L who would prove quite inept and inefficient from start to finish, finally did arrive our menus were delivered with a brief hello before she wandered away - another server later stopped by to fill our water and drinks were never even offered.  When Amanda finally did return she was capable of answering a couple questions about portion size and our orders were placed.  With my mom and sister opting for the two-course Gusto lunch and myself choosing two courses a la carte we sat and sipped our water.  Waiting approximately 10 minutes another ancillary server arrived with bread and butter - a light and airy white bread with a hefty crust paired with a sweet and salted cow's milk butter - decent, but nothing to write home about compared to the myriad bread options at Eleven.  After this point we would not see another staff member for 30 minutes...well, we would see them, they just wouldn't be walking anywhere near our table - instead bussing tables and running around while the hostess flirted with a man at the bar...I'll note that my water glass remained empty for greater than 15 minutes.  Finished with our first courses approximately 10 minutes would pass - long enough for me to actively collect each and every plate and stack them at the empty seat of our four-top - before Amanda would finally return to collect the dirty plates...we'd not see her again until 15 minutes later when she filled our water glasses and told us our main courses would be "right out."  While I guess she didn't define "right out," what this actually meant was "in 25 minutes."  Starting first with my mother's combo - Jumbo Lump Crab, pepper bacon, avocado, radish sprouts, on a paesano bun and Orecchiette Pasta with grilled chicken, dried cranberries, Riverview Farms goat cheese, sage cream. While the sandwich may not be memorable, the pasta was actually quite impressive.  Using a less salty cheese and mild cream to flavor the al dente little ears of pasta worked wonders while the sweet/savory mélange of craisins and grilled chicken were a nice match.  Vastly less well done than my mother's plate would be my sister's option - the Grilled Vegetables, portobello, zucchini, eggplant, arugula, chickpea hummus, on baguette and Maccheretto pasta with wild mushrooms, white beans, sun-dried tomatoes, rapini pesto, fontina, walnuts.  Beginning with the sandwich, the bite I had was good in taste but rather mushy in consistency - too many similar vegetable textures and the hummus spread too thickly.  Moving on to the pasta - we all tasted it, but I'm still not sure what we were supposed to be tasting - it tasted like watery cheese...no spice, no salt, and certainly nothing resembling pesto or tomatoes.  For the first time in the meal Amanda actually opted to check on us approximately 10 minutes into our main courses and when told of the watery pasta she did apologize and offered to replace it with something else - more Orcchiette.  For my main course I received a simple side salad-fresh greens, crispy onion strings, and a pleasant vinaigrette.  The salad, of course, was served alongside Elysian Fields Lamb "Mac and Cheese", tubetti pasta, mascarpone, cheddar, Pecorino-Romano, and bread crumbs.  Piping hot and browned with crispy bread crumbs the dish was a decent Macaroni and Cheese, but honestly the lamb was so scarce and thinly cut that it added little.  Completing our mains approximately 110 minutes after entering Casbah we again waited nearly ten minutes before anyone would stop by to collect dirty plates-a different ancillary server this time.  With my mother and sister already deciding enough was enough they stood up to use the restroom before leaving-by the time Amanda would stop by to ask if anyone would care for dessert our two course meal had lasted 2:05 and I skipped on a menu entailing bread pudding, carrot cake, and panna cotta with "just the bill."  Settling the bill via credit card no tip was left because no tip was deserved - in reality Amanda may have actually be the worst server I've encountered at a fine dining establishment in the last 2 years.  I will note that when I wrote to Big Burrito was met by a (seemingly) sincere apology without excuses - the Manager stated things don't' normally happen like that and he'd be sure the issue was addressed.  He closed with "I hope you will join us again." I will not.
I can't believe all the high reviews.  Either you work for Big Burrito or it's amateur hour.  The food tasted terrible.  It was bland and over-salted and reminded me of the Olive Garden.  If you like Casbah more power to you but for me never again.
Not a good vegan experience.  We were meeting friends at Casbah for dinner -their choice.  Since I follow a version of vegan, I called ahead and was assured that they had vegan versions of a couple of pasta dishes.  Server was very cooperative and said she would instruct the kitchen to omit the meat and  increase the veggies on their cavatelli.   Well, they omitted the meat, but I was left with one of the smallest servings of pasta that I have ever seen.  At about $20, it was close to the price of caviar!
Overpriced, salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand.
Three strikes and you're out!  We had brunch there a few months back, and the meal was so salty that we could barely begin to eat it.  That meal was comped and I figured it was an off day.  We went back about a month later for dinner, and that meal was also very salty and we could not finish it.  We were willing to try again, so we went for dinner tonight.  I ordered the filet, and it was like eating a salt shaker.  I was shocked that, for a third time, I had a piss poor meal at Casbah.  I sent that back, and ordered the sea bass.  When I got to the end of the piece of fish, it was raw.  Needless to say, I will NEVER return to this restaurant.  Looking back, what should I have expected from the sister restaurant of Mad Mex?
I have heard much about Casbah being one of the best eateries in the 412. I went on their pasta special and got the ricotta ravioli and the short rib ravioli. The ricotta was the second most expensive dish on that menu and we received two saggy, bland pouches of what tasted like a microwaved lunchable. The short rib was doused in a gravy-like sauce that overwhelmed any taste or subtleties that may have existed. Heavy and bland. Not generally what I go out to eat for.   The service was also extremely slow. 20 minutes to get our bread and 50 to get our appetizers.
Pasta fest should be called deception fest. We got an email inviting us to come to pasta fest thinking it would be regular portions at a discounted price. WRONG it was smaller portions at a higher price. I never felt so ripped off. $15 for one meatball and three bites of pasta. The server warned us about the small portion but wow . You got me this time but never again.
This place's reputation as a high-end restaurant is entirely undeserved. Every single entrée my party ordered was oversalted and bland. And for the price I was expecting much, much more. If you're looking for quality food for $25-35 per plate, go to Meat & Potatoes.
So, I had been wanting to try this place for some time.  I have never been disappointed by a big burrito restaurant, but I guess there's a first time for everything.  I ordered the softshell crab, as did three others in our party.  It was awful.  It was mushy on the inside, as though they hadn't taken the gills off.  I have made my own fried softshell crabs before (yes they were alive, and yes I cut their faces off), so I'm no stranger to how they should be prepared and how they should taste.  We each only had a few bites and when we told the waiter how bad it was, he didn't really do anything about it.  Anyway, I'm never going back here.  Sub par at best, go to ANY of the other big burrito restaurants.
I live in New York City and I extremely regret venturing to this awful city. This is the worst fucking experience I've ever had at a wine room. I am standing waiting for our table 15 minutes past our time.
My fiancé and I had dinner at 7 PM last Saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back as returning customers because of the service.  First of all when the waiter (Adam) brought our first drinks and insisted we order appetizers I told him that we were going to relax for a little while and I would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else.  He persisted to come back every other 2 minutes for about another 9-10 times until we finally ordered appetizers and within 3 minutes of us ordering our appetizer he wanted us to order dinner and I politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged us enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him.  I paid $140 including the tip on Saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience was miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it was not enjoyable. We recently moved to Pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience.  We are trying a new restaurant this weekend where I will hopefully not pay $140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal... I am.
My fiancé and I had dinner at 7 PM last Saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back as returning customers because of the service.  First of all when the waiter (Adam) brought our first drinks and insisted we order appetizers I told him that we were going to relax for a little while and I would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else.  He persisted to come back every other 2 minutes for about another 9-10 times until we finally ordered appetizers and within 3 minutes of us ordering our appetizer he wanted us to order dinner and I politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged us enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him.  I paid $140 including the tip on Saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience was miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it was not enjoyable. We recently moved to Pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience.  We are trying a new restaurant this weekend where I will hopefully not pay $140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal... I am.
Maybe I am just the most jaded vegan in town; Quiet Storm's food menu bores me to tears, that which I will use to salt my own mediocre cooking at home! Their coffee isn't all that great either, as given the choice, local La Prima is in my favor. Tears. This is the only vegetarian restaurant on the East side of town, and oh so close to me, but I cannot stand to go there. Desperate times now call for toast and tea served by the sad server that resides within my depressed little dining room.
I must be a glutton for punishment, because I keep finding myself hungrily returning to the Quiet Storm. The menu has slightly changed, and they are no longer cash only... This time it was the "8th Ward" that inflicted extreme disappointment. Not sure what 8th Ward is supposed to mean, but I will forever associate it with a dry boring place. And I thought we were getting a party platter! This appetizer sampler included THE WORST hummus evaar; I am near positive that they forgot to add garlic, lemon, salt and tahini to this chickpea paste that which was described as "garlicky" on the menu. Sooo wrong. "The Butter," another WTF of a name, was also very dry and bland. The salsa was good! And there were plenty of dipping accessories, too many really, given the smallness of the unappetizing dip portions.  At this point, I've tried most of the vegan options QS has to offer and the only luck I've had has been with the B.Y.O.B. Go figure.   I wouldn't care so much about how much of a tease this place is if I didn't REALLY desire a comfortable neighborhood place to eat comfortable food with a comfortable view of a cute waitress who writes fiction. And it frustrates me that few others seem to recognize the culinary (I shutter at even calling it that) mediocrity of "the best" vegetarian restaurant Pittsburgh has to offer.
I'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over 3 years. Every time I have ever gone, the service is awful. It's as if they're doing you a favor by waiting on you. I think their breakfasts are pretty good and their lentil loaf is good but usually your sides consist of yellow nacho chips with brown jalopeno slaw. Also, the cooks look like they are lacking hygeine. the one great thing about this place is their coffee, and that's it.
Hey, do you like to eat charred tofu while listening to the Donnie Darko soundtrack? Well then I have the place for you! Quiet Storm sends out food that most chefs would lose their jobs over. I'm from a big city (New York, NBD) so I have standards and Quiet Storm managed to cross all the borders of decency. The service was good, but I guess it has to be when they have the audacity to charge $9 for a sandwich that cuts your mouth open. I think the owners hate having a business and are attempting to run it into the ground because they are not accommodating to vegans. Substituting real cheese for faux cheese is just too taxing for these world class chefs. I would recommend this for people who enjoy not finishing their meals.
Yes, it is reasonably priced.  Yes, my food was tasty (6 on a scale of 1-10).  However, the place did not look clean to me--I won't be back because of that.
Ugh... I got a plate with seisage, tofu scramble, and sundried tomato toast. My whole plate was entirely dry, chewy, and unpalatable. I had high hopes for the tofu scramble, especially after seeing positive reviews about it. But honestly... It tasted like nothing. I thought it'd be moister with a creamy consistency that might come from silken tofu, but it was hard, dry, and chewy. Hubby got a country burrito that was much better in comparison to my plate... But that might have been due to the fact that his whole plate was doused in gravy. Anything will taste better drenched in gravy. We think the gravy tastes like the powdered packet kind where you just add water. On top of all this service wasn't the greatest. I had to fish around for my own ketchup and they didn't even bother to ask me what kind of toast (3 options on the menu)I wanted when I ordered the toast option for my meal. Then they didn't bother to ask hubby if he wanted anything to drink after he had picked one of the $12 entrees that come with coffee or juice. We had to tell someone else to get it for us. Also they don't really wash their cups. There are 2 sink basins at the front where they just dunk the cups in one soapy basin then dunk the cups in a second water basin and then stack them next to the sink. It made me not want to drink my water even though I was thirsty. Good idea, but poorly executed food. I've had good vegan and vegetarian food before that's consisted of a lot of fresh greens, avocados, and more. For a vegetarian place, there was nothing green on our plates. This experience sadly fell enormously short of our expectations... Could've eaten at kaya or meat and potatoes for the same price.
Worst tofu scramble ever. Days old, cold, hard, inedible.  Sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish. I can't even believe that the server, let alone the  "chef" thought it appropriate to serve.   Brought my 2 year old along, had to get a high chair, I'm able to do this just would have been nice if asked by server if we needed one.
I imagine that this is the restaurant that I would make if I were 20 years old and knew nothing about restaurants except dining in them and what looks and sounds cool.  In that it does some things right, but none of the important things.  It has a decent sized shop with large windows and its bright, so that's good.  They have good music, but unfortunately we were seated right below one of what looked like two speakers in the place.  Its a large restaurant so in order to make it the right volume for people far away from the speaker it has to be too loud for the people close to the speaker.  I know the trade-offs of sound systems all too well.  If only there was a way to solve this problem like... just riffing here... more speakers at a lower volume?  They had a greatest hits of the thrift store type of decor and the standard shitty artists selling their paintings like at every coffee house you've ever been to.  They include coffee/tea/juice/whatever in the price of the brunch because, like everyone, I hate choices too and I definitely wanted at least one of those.  I'm looking at the menu and its a vegan/veggie place so we're never going to be good friends but I'd like to think that there's something that looks halfway decent but it all looks awful.  There are two Tex-Mex-Ranchero breakfast dishes... that's at least one too many; and there's only like eight choices which sounds like plenty as a number but I assure you it was not enough here.  I go with the Egg Frittata as my least bad option and it ends up tasting mostly flavorless but with a distinct stale note.  It comes with a salad that is not bad, but who wants a salad for breakfast.  As we're leaving the waiter, who's been fine the whole time, asks us where we're from and my girlfriend answers "D.C."  The waiter replies, "Oh, I'm sorry about that."  Now, neither of us is actually born in the D.C. area, nor do I even particularly like living there.  So I'm not personally offended, but I'm not sure if someone from or living in Pittsburgh has solid footing to talk the business about Washington D.C. or almost any other large city.  Its not like property values in Pittsburgh are indicating that everyone's clammoring to live there, whereas in Washington D.C., they are.  I was not enjoying the restaurant before that, but this kid actually threw me to straight up hating it.  If you're vegan and have literally no other options... then I guess you're going here.  If both of those conditions aren't true, then go anywhere else.
I was pretty disappointed with this place. I thought from the good reviews that the pizza would taste okay. I went here around 12am on a Friday so maybe their ingredients weren't as fresh. I ordered a medium veggie pizza with a side of fries. The fries were super soggy and the pizza was pretty flavorless. There are only about 2 seats inside so you pretty much have to take it to go which was fine with me.   The people working there are really nice though which is a plus. Overall, i wouldn't go back.
They have inaccurate hours posted. I tried to order at 11:30 pm when yelp says they close at 2am and they were already closed. When I told them they have inaccurate hours posted the guy on the phone said "oh that's ok...." And hung up on me. I will never be ordering from them again, which is a shame since they are so close to me. I immediately called Pizza Parma which gladly delivered to me. I recommend ordering from Pizza Parma since they have similar menu items, they post accurate hours, and they don't hang up on you! Seriously? Why answer the phone?
Stay away!!!!!! Could not understand what the foreign cashier was saying, made placing near impossible. Could not make a pizza to save their life...
Rude. Rude. Rude. They don't speak English and they don't understand English. And they are rude.
Well I havent had Pizza from Pizza perfectta in quite some time. From what i remembered it was pretty good. But today it was absolutely unforgiving! It was as if I had ordered a pie with very light cheese and very lite sauce because 2 of the 3 main ingredients of any good pizza were severely lacking, lacking to the point of which it prompted me to write this review and im not a feedback kind of person. Maybe its how their recipe calls for the making of their product now? If so, they have narrowed my choice selection for the future. Also the driver forgot to bring my drinks. wow!
The vet met with us for a very short amount of time. She was rushed, seemed distracted, and was abrupt. She very quickly said that it seemed like SCC, or oral cancer, and that there was no cure and the prognosis wasn't good. She left the room seconds after and only came back in to say that they would get blood work and schedule a biopsy. After she said she thought it was SCC, she didn't give us a chance to ask questions or respond.   The technician didn't have any demeanor with our cat, nor with us as clients. She seemed tired, and overworked.  All in all, this was a negative experience. I recommend that you take your pets to another vet :(
It seems like every other time I take my pets to Point Breeze there is an unnecessary frustration.   From being berating for using their online prescription program to being misquoted prices substantially to poor customer service I just keep hoping each time will be better.  Although I know they love animals I suspect they love money more.  Dr. Caroline. Simard is an excellent vet, but my last two visits have been pushed to other vets whose bedside manner is atrocious.   I'm a 40 year-old  who has been taking my pets to vets since childhood and I don't understand why each visit leaves a sour taste in my mouth.
Refused to take my cat, which had passed away, for cremation cause I had not been to the clinic previously. IMHO that's ridiculous. I will not recommended anyone to ever come here.
Dr. Caroline Simard is wonderful, but she is frequently unavailable to see her patients as it appears she only works part time. If you have a real emergency when she is on one of her lengthy vacations, you will be forced to meet with another doctor. On one such occasion, we did that and it resulted in a permanent change in my pet's overall health.  I was forced to locate another vet when I adopted a new kitten. Then I recently accepted a job overseas, and wanted to take my older cat back to their vet just to get the paperwork done, so I didn't have to take him to the new vet and pay for the initial visit. The receptionist informed me that their policy is not to handle ANY paperwork unless submitted through a pet relocation service. When I tried to clarify and ask another question about my doctor simply signing off on a health chart, she spoke over me loudly and repeatedly saying NO. I understand that you may have been burned in the past, but seriously, learn some manners, lady.  1. Not being able to see the doctor that I prefer 2. Absence of said doctor led to a PERMANENT decrease in my pet's well being 3. Policies that engender total lack of cooperation at a stressful time regarding the relocation of my pet.  4. Being treated extremely rudely by reception was the final straw.  I mean, she was so inflexible that she raised her voice at the mere request of clarification of their rule. I don't need anyone shouting at me, especially someone that I am paying, at 8:30 am. Thanks, but no thanks.  For these reasons, it is just simply not worth the stress, time, or money to return. It is unfortunate.
I have been going here with three different animals. However, I recently missed an appointment. I called to reschedule and talk to their office manager, Barb. Barb told me that my phone was out of service when they called me the day before my appointment, but it was not because I use my phone for my full time career and I would be fired if my phone was off. I proceeded to tell her my phone number and she said that is the number that was out of service. She then proceeded to tell me that I was not allowed to reschedule since I missed my appointment. I then proceeded to tell her my father died about four months ago who was a long time customer of theirs with our previous dogs.  I am so disappointed in how I was treated by their office manager that I was in tears. I have been going to Dr. Gerson with my mom and my animals for my entire life. Some of my childhood memories are in that office with my favorite furry friends.  It is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager. I have NEVER been treated so poorly by a human being in my entire life. From the moment I got on the phone with her, she was nothing but rude and unwilling to help me. Barb, if you are reading this, don't you think I have had enough for one year? You couldn't cut a long time customer a break? My dad will punish you from heaven for how you treated his daughter. Those doctors behind those doors have no idea how rude Barb is to their customers and it is not right because now I look down on a place that once was my animals second home.  I hope you replace Barb with a women with a heart. I now have to look for a new office because I am not allowed to go back because I accidentally got an appointment time mixed up. Karma is coming for you BARB! I
I posted a favorable review in the past, but I cannot say how much I recommend you take your dollars elsewhere.  They buy everything from CostCo and mark it up.  They make Whole Foods look like bargain basement.  You would think for the extra price you would get convenience and quality.  No.  I asked why they have so few products that someone would want in a local store.  I was told roughly that "this is a deli, not a convenience store."  Well, it's only a deli if you want to buy cheese that molds within a week.  So, no quality/fresh ingredients but no convenience items and sky high prices...  It would be great if this neighborhood either had a deli who served the community or a convenience store open late and on weekends.  This is not a place that a neighborhood should support.
Used to love the Co-op despite its flaws.  Continuous turnover, especially at higher levels, poor communication to customers, blatantly hostile/condescending attitude from some staff.   All been going on for years. There was some improvement for awhile, but it has gotten worse.  A few individual employees are pleasant and competent, but the organization overall has some serious issues with ethics/transparency.   They're actually worse than some large corporate stores in these areas.  Pittsburgh has many choices for healthy food - farmers markets and CSAs - and that's where we purchase much of our food now.  Suggest you do the same.
The blonde woman who tuns the gym was extremely rude to us. First time we went she refused yo.get off the phone on a personal call to help us. Then she gave us the rules for the bouldering area in a rapid bored monotone. Compared to other climbing gyms I have gone to this gym is less safe (no gri-gris), unfriendly, and more expensive. Definitely not worth it. Worst customer service I've seen in a while.
Pros: - At least there's a climbing gym in this area - Walls get reset often  Cons: - I've been coming here a couple times a week for the past few months now, and I have felt like some of the walls really need some padding besides the not-so-great spring board they have. The walls are pretty high and the height + lack of mats retract me from climbing certain routes, which is really disappointing because it ruins my climbing experience.  - I brought up the aforementioned lack of mats to the woman who works here, and she snapped at me: "Mats are only supposed to be under walls that are sloped." I told her the wall I was talking about was sloped, and she replied curtly "If you don't feel comfortable climbing those walls without a mat, then you shouldn't even be climbing them." I was in shock. Is this a way you should be addressing your climbers' legitimate concerns? Even if it isn't possible to have mats, she could have at least told me in a nicer way instead of talking to me as if I knew nothing.  - The gym closes at 11PM on Fridays. I usually go at night until they close, but the staff passive aggressively starts turning off the gym lights around 10:50PM. I get it, it's a Friday night and you want to get outta here. But the business hours are until 11PM, so let me enjoy my last ten minutes of climbing because I am paying for my climbing membership and I want to get as much climbing as I can get out of my sessions at the gym.  - The holds are old and covered in rubber from the shoes. It would be nice if they could at least pressure wash them every once in a while.  - The fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here.
Worst climbing gym I have ever been to. Customer service was a joke. Wall appears as if a boy scout went ham with a few sheets of plywood back in the 80s and then did nothing since then. Holds are prehistoric and grimy. Setting is subpar. Insurance doesn't allow for people who can't belay to be belayed? Better off climbing the outside of the building for a good pump..
The ventilation in the bouldering area is terrible. Please install some chalk eaters. People are inhaling tons of chalk into their lungs and are going to get pneumoconiosis from climbing at your gym.
I was home for the holidays and wanted to take some friends of mine climbing.  They've never belayed and don't have equipment so my hope was that we could go, I could test out of the belay class and we could top rope some easy climbs.  Dreams crushed.  Only people that are belay certified can even be in the top rope room.  I would've had to pay $5 to test out of the certification and even if my friends wanted to take a quick lesson on how to belay, its only at very specific times and you need to give advanced notice.  So we bouldered.  The walls are old, made of smooth plywood and though the walls are a good variety, you eventually end up right on top of one another.  You can only top out on one tiny section, everything else backs right up to another wall or and abyss.  With someone who isn't super comfortable down climbing or jumping from the top, I wasn't always super excited to fall when there wasn't a nice big cushion.  Those were only on the overhanging walls.  The place was super busy on a Sunday afternoon and group after group rolled in.  I understood why there were so many VB and VB+ routes (easier than V0's).  Side note: cubbies are completely separate from the bouldering area and no food or drinks are allowed inside the bouldering area.  Therefore your water stays in your cubby, plan carefully.  I expected better from Pittsburgh and heard that there is a new gym coming, so I'll be waiting for that one before I try to climb again in da burgh.
Don't go. I got more problems and sounds on my car after I spent $800 there. unbelievable!
They told me that they charge 100 dollars a hour. They worked for 10 minutes and wouldn't give My keys unless I paid them 107 dollars. The second time I went there I went for a minor repair and when I left my car was making a horrible noise and they completely denied it. They wouldn't say they did it. I took it to another auto shop and it was a bent in brake caliber completely rubbing and damaging other parts. It ended up costing over 300 dollars.The son is a scam artist.
I've eaten here once after having it suggested by numerous people, I was totally disappointed with the service, food, and the place itself, I will not be headed back......ever Save your money, or starve either would be a better option
This was the first time for me and my wife at the celebrated Cafe Zinho. Parking in the residential area in which the restaurant is located is next to impossible on a busy Saturday night; the diner should be prepared to walk a distance to get to the restaurant from where he or she is ultimately able to park.  The greatest drawback is that the restaurant is tiny and the seating so tight that at our table, it was necessary to sit uncomfortably in order to avoid being bumped by anyone that walked by, which happened repeatedly as we were in a busy thoroughfare of food delivery.  No other table offered a much better situation and all others were occupied at the busy time we arrived, 6:45 p. m. The online menu boasts of a daily vegetarian and vegan special entree, but there was no such entree on this night.  There was only one non-meat item on the small menu, ravioli.  Our gracious server, Ramon, said that the kitchen could prepare a couscous and vegetable dish if the vegetarian in our party wanted it, and that was what we did.  The restaurant permits customers to bring their own alcoholic beverages, a nice convenience and savings for the diner.  A small portion of bread was served with a tiny amount of rock-hard butter.  My mushroom and cheese soup was a large portion, served piping hot, which was great, but it was a puree with no distinct mushroom pieces.  I would not have been able to distinguish it as mushroom soup.  All of our entrees were attractively presented and were tasty, average size portions.  All were served with a small amount of good, fresh vegetables. It would be helpful if the menu offered some description of the following entree so that the diner with an interest in a chicken dish would not have to inquire about it of the server:  "chicken maputo Roasted w/ piri piri & chocolate scented sauce".  Does the average diner know what "maputo" and "piri piri" are? The lemon tart dessert was a small piece not suitable for sharing, served with two minute pieces of strawberries and a small dollop of whipped cream.  It was not flavorful or moist nor worth the calories.  The gracious owner, Tony Pais, stopped at our table for a moment to greet us, a nice touch, and there were quality checks by a manager and Ramon.  I noticed a number of prominent people from the community dining here, individuals whom I was surprised were willing to spend a good deal of money to be packed into a sardine can of a restaurant.  Apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town.  The rest rooms are small, one-person facilities, naturally. An unfortunate surprise occurred when the individual that was picking up the check for my party presented his credit card only to be told that the restaurant accepts only cash and checks, this for a tariff of $148 plus gratuity.  It is supposed to be of some consolation that there is an Automatic Teller Machine on site.  I imagine less than 1% of expensive restaurants today are cash only.  Cafe Zinho is a highly flawed restaurant, demonstrating that there is more to a fine dining experience than simply offering fine cuisine.  If one is able to get beyond the feeling one has when visiting the rest room on a commercial airliner, the diner might enjoy it: not us.  I posted comments about the restaurant at its Facebook page, in which I noted my displeasure with being cramped and uncomfortable, and about the restaurant being unique in its unwillingness to accept credit cards for a $148 check.  An individual identifying himself as the manager, who apparently had never received constructive criticism from anyone, initially demonstrated rage, posting a message that I can go to the Oiive Garden the next time I dine out.  He later added with similar condescension that I can use a coupon and a credit card at The Olive Garden.  Later, he thought better of his outburst and removed the comments...along with mine.  He ultimately offered me and my wife the opportunity to return to the restaurant at his expense.  I thanked him for the offer, but told him that one experience at Cafe Zinho was enough.  I had no intention of returning even if he had responded to my comments like a gentleman.
These people could not care less.   I am still waiting for my washer dryer to get fixed -its been almost a month now and I am being told that they don't even know when the technician will return. The technician has been here 4 times already. Each time there is supposedly something else wrong and so they have to order another part. Miraculously the part is wrong (first week), They forgot to order the second part (2nd week), Part comes in but they need a suppossed other part and it will be "another 3-5 days"(3rd week), Fourth week rolls by and they "don't know" when its coming in (thats up to the distributor). When I ask for an ETA (because I am wearing dirty clothes, and I am sick of technicians coming back 5 times and I already took off a week of work to meet these people) the cus.t service rep gets mad at me and offers me a refund. (The washer is on warranty) They obviously don't want to deal with any problems they created. So now I have to call the distributor to see when the part is coming in (yup,  thats YOUR job Appliance Service Center!).
Just call someone else. Lol. The guy they sent to service my dryer made every excuse so he didn't have to work. He didn't want to walk down the block because I had no more parking available. I even offered to help carry his tools for him! Call another company, and a guy came the following day...and fixed my issue in 15 minutes.
I have used this repair  service for years.  When I scheduled a repair for my washer and dryer, I was charged $278.14 for a 30 minute call.  I was shocked at the price of being charged for a service call on both appliances which the dryer requires a $9.99 part and I was told by repair man my washer just needed to be cleaned!  I informed him that I use afresh every month and keep by water lid open to dry after every use.  He just looked at me with no response, but I was charged $134.00 for that comment!  Ridiculous.  My husband is a builder/developer and I can assure them, we will never refer any business to them.
Rude, unprofessional, and lazy. I had a service appointment scheduled and they would not even come to my house to see what was wrong with my washing machine. They insisted on ordering parts for my washing machine before they ever even came to look at it. I'm sure this guessing kind of work is convenient for them, but I assure  you it is not convenient for the customer. The lady I spoke to was rude and unprofessional.
And so....the search for a new hair salon continues. Sigh. Don't get me wrong, the cut was a good cut. The salon itself was clean and stylish. The owner, welcoming and friendly.   Now what went wrong. The cut was good, but it certainly wasn't what I expected from a salon with the reputation of Izzazu. I wasn't bowled over by my stylist's professionalism either. Don't diss my previous stylist....she rocked....you don't do yourself any favors by knocking someone else.  (And come on, I was WAAAYYYY overdue for a cut since I've been driving to Cleveland for a style.)  That being said, for $55 (and saving big bucks on gas, tolls, lunch and shopping) the cut was still a deal. But, when I started to sign the charge slip, it said $65, not $55. "But," I said, "the website said it was $55 for a Master stylist." "Oh," the chick at the counter said, "that's for Men's cuts." Silly me.   So when I got back to the office, I went online and checked. Nope, it said $55 for a Master Stylist WOMEN's haircut. Hmmmmm. So I called. The chick at the counter now said, "Oh, our stylist's charge whatever they feel the cut SHOULD be." What?????? So I quoted the prices to her from the Izzazu website. She changed her tune again. "Oh, well.....I'll refund you $10 if you give me your credit card number." Didn't she have my slip with the card number? "Sorry, I don't give my credit card number over the phone." "Or I can send you a gift certificate." "Nope," I said through clenched teeth, "I won't be coming back."  It wasn't the cut. It was the bait and switch. I'd gladly have paid it had they been up front and above-board ahead of time. As Judge Judy says, "Don't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining."   The search goes on. Or I'll be back in Cleveland in the spring for the next cut!  P. S.  One amusing side note:  I checked in at Izzazu when I arrived.  Turns out, I'm the Duchess!  The Duchess is displeased.
Sadly, the professionalism of the front desk never got better.  Despite Emilio's assurances that changes were being made, my latest visit proved otherwise.  I called ahead and was assured that Marshall was on time...in fact, he didn't have an appointment ahead of mine and could take me as soon as I got there.  I was there a few minutes before my appointment.  I waited.  And waited.  Fifteen minutes later, I asked if Marshall knew I was waiting.  I was told by the brunette that they had been busy.  Odd, she, the blonde and two other employees had been standing there talking for a while.  She went back to notify Marshall.  When Marshall came up front to get me, the brunette admonished him that he should keep an eye out for his clients - she shouldn't have to notify him that his appointment is there.  Wow.  And the purpose of a receptionist is....what?  I'm done.  I'm out.  Apparently nothing will help Izzazu's but getting rid of the front desk staff.    On a positive note, it was another great cut.  Not good enough to lure me back, though.
Emailed and called several times to get a pricing on having several services done at once as a graduation present to myself. I was put on hold twice and never picked back up. Emails went unanswered.  :(  I was going to have SO MUCH done, too!! Hair cut, color with highlights, spa manicure/pedicure and an hour massage! All as a graduation present to myself but if they can't be attentive to prospective customers then I can't imagine that they'd be attentive in the store. I'll spend my money elsewhere!
Unbelievable experience! Literally unbelievable. I waited 50 minutes and finally walked out. Receptionists were beyond awful. I booked 3 style appointments in advance for a wedding. One person was taken right away, 20 minutes later the second person was taken.  I WAITED 50 MINUTES while being ignored by the receptionists.  I can celled because the others were almost done and we would be running late. My stylist finally came out and said he'd quickly do my hair. What !! I'm not paying $100 to get rushed service. We were looking forward to a relaxing, fun experience. More unbelievable, I waited 20 minutes to pay for the two services. One receptionist couldn't take transactions and another was occupied with a wedding party.  I was so close to walking out and not paying. Unfortunately the two stylists didn't get a tip through no fault of their own. I can't give an unbiased opinion of their work as I am still furious in the way I was treated.  I would expect some ambiance at $100 for shampoo & style. I could never recommend Izzazu. Denham & Company is on Market Square, their rates are reasonable and within walking distance of the Fairmont. I am calling the concierge tomorrow informing her of my experience.
I wanted to find a new place and tried the Wexford location since I live nearby after seeing a coupon for a haircut. OMG, I have an appointment this weekend to get my hair fixed, though it will be hard to do because I went in for a TRIM and I lost about 5 inches of hair and it is still uneven. My part which was on the left is now kinda zig zagged and my hair sticks up and out all over. I asked often about the hair being cut and I was told it was not much length but helping to get rid of the volume (I have thick hair). Yea, well 3 inches cut with my hair wet is now over 5 inches dry because of how curly my hair is, which I mentioned oh, I don't know maybe 100 times b/c she kept asking me about doing a treatment to straighten it.  No wonder they need coupons for customers. And I still tipped her because how bad I felt for her because she was telling me how poor she is because of her divorce. I should have just walked out when I was left waiting for over 30 minutes without anyone saying a word about it.
I arrived for my appointment at 1 o'clock on time and after sitting and waiting for half an hour was told that the stylist was running behind and it would be at least another half an hour until she could get to me. I guess her time or the current customer's time was more important than mine. I didn't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone.
Poor planning. I called and made the appointment, and then while I was driving to the appointment the receptionist called and said my stylist had the flu (I completely understand people get sick). This was going to be my first time at the salon, and they had no way of working me in to their schedule that day at all- that I had taken off of work for the appointment. If someone is sick that is okay, but you should be able to call them before they are on their way to the appointment and/or give another option of a different opening that day.
Okay I had heard and read about this place since moving to this side of town and finally came. Big waste of time and gas. They Do Not have ice cream, only soft serve. Well I ordered butter pecan 'ice cream' and what do they bring me? Vanilla! Wow are their servers just lazy or dumb?
This place isn't very good. I ordered a sundae and asked for a flavored ice cream but was told they could only do chocolate or vanilla because of "how they mix it".  It's a sundae so no mixing is involved so I don't understand that. Then when I got it, it was missing half the toppings that were listed in the description. Definitely not as good as people claim. Won't be going back.
Horrible - they use chicken that's been out uncover all day . And they smoke around the food.:(
No better in taste than a Fazoli or even an Olive Garden.  Inflated prices, like the cheapest entree was $40, try to disguise this place as something it is not.  Went with a group of co workers, so we pretty much got everything on the menu and not one thing stuck out really good.  Service is incredibly slow.  Not worth it at all.  Even if you tell yourself that atleast the portions are large, the food is just not good enough to warrant wasting a meal eating there.
The first time I went here was with a group - we had reserved the entire restaurant for a retirement party.   I had a horrible experience.  Vowed never to go back!  At that time, I even had a terrible interaction with the owner.  This time I was invited with a couple of girlfriends because they love it. Decided to try again since it was more about the "get together" than the food/location.  This time, overpriced food and bad service.  Overall, it was not anything out of the ordinary and not worth the price.   I had the veal speciality.   Large portion, but ok.  Staff was not very attentive for the small amount of customers present.  I am a Pittsburgh native.  This is a bad neighborhood.   I am NOT interested in ever going back!
There was a wonderful staff that I would go for to my surprise the last time I went I was disappointed the wonderful staff he had was gone I was not happy with my last experience and it was not as homey and family oriented as it was before food wasn't that great either! Not happy about the new staff. Also over heard the owner using racial slurs and provocative terms that just made my stomach turn for these reasons I will not be returning!
Crappy Place. Definitely not worth the price. Very small place. Didnt really have the ambiance  that is found in normal restaurants.  I made reservation and still the table was not ready. I am definitely not going to the place again.
I would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage. They jerked us around for almost 2 months to the point we switched to 5/3 bank. 5/3 got the farther in 2 weeks then dollar did in 2 months. Unfortunately for us as we were closing with 5/3 our seller unexpectedly passed away. Now we are in a wait and see mode with probate to see if we can still buy the house. If dollar bank would have done their job we would have had this deal done before this happened.   My new goal is to deter anybody I know away from Dollar Bank. Their back office in underwriting and processing is a joke and needs to be fixed badly. Save yourself the trouble and avoid dollar bank at all costs
Not a bad place to get your nails done. I have been to better places. But, if your in a pinch and need a nail place, this isn't a bad place at all. There is a wait so if you can make an appointment you probably will be better off. I had to wait 1/2 hour as a walk in at 3:30pm. I gave 1 stars because what the woman charged me for a basic Mani & pedi was ridiculous. $50. And I didn't get any design or deluxe. Too over priced for mani and pedi.
Woke up to furnace not working...called my home warranty company TWG. TWG said this company is their 'priority' Bryant repair contractor and sent a work order...I called and was told someone would call me back...one hour later I called again and an extremely rude woman told me she sent a message to TWG that they could not take the job. When I asked the woman why no one called me back she said IT IS NOT OUR JOB TO CALL YOU BACK!  Terrible customer service! Luckily Lakewood Mechanical Inc on Campbells Run Road was able to get to my house and make the repair within hours. Call Lakewood..NOT STAAB AND SONS!!!
Not sure what's happened at Staab but I'm not impressed or happy. Our house's plumbing and HVAC systems have been serviced exclusively by Staab for something like 40 years. They were a reliable, easy-to-work-with company. Now, they're "all business." Got our seasonal service contract in January ... but couldn't get service until June. Requested an estimate for a leaking bathtub ... But got the invoice three days before I got the estimate. And then got a past due "dunning notice" 6 days after the service call. Truly, you don't need this kind of grief.
extortion:  well not exactly since nobody forced me to give them money under threat,  but these people definitely know when your in a bad spot and they can charge you what ever they want.   unfortunately they are also in a business where that scenario happens all the time.  good thing  I am very handy and have a good sense how long things take to.  anybody that is not would be totally screwed by these people.     I had a terracotta sewer line that was cracked at the common lateral.  it was about 5 feet of 4" pipe that needed replaced and a smaller drain line from the kitchen that had to tied back into it.  I dug up the old line and exposed everything.  my plan was to do it all myself until I hit the common lateral which was a 8" pipe and I couldn't get the fitting from home depot.  In come's staab to the rescue.  I did all the heavy lifting and got a quote to just fix the line.  which consisted of cutting the 8" common later line,  Install a Y fitting and then tie that back into my 4" line.    I thought maybe a days worth of work and a couple hundred dollars worth of fitting.   The problem is that I have no toilet or running water until this gets fixed and they could see that.   The quote was $2600 dollars.  I asked them to explain the high cost and they estimated 2 people for 2 days and said the fitting were really expensive.   I said I would get back to them.   back in the hole I go to stubbed in a temporary line on my own to get by for a couple days and then called a bunch of plumbers to get quotes.  One quote $950,  another quote was $1150.  I went with the $1150 because he could start the job in a couple of days.  he came when he said and did a great job and he was done in 5 hours and onto the next call.     you should not use these people if you are in a situation where they can stick it to you.   because they will.  the good news is that now that we have the internet companies like this won't be able to get away with it forever.....
I ordered pizza from this location recently. When I went in to pick up the pizza, I waited for about 10-15 minutes before anyone even acknowledged that I was there. I was the only customer in the store, they were just simply ignoring me. There were two people in the back that saw me several times, yet never even stopped to say, "We'll be with you in a minute", they just ignroed me. About 10 minutes into my wait the cashier/front store clerk came in through the back door with a handful of scratch off lottery tickets that he obviously just bought, and rather than put them down to ring me up when he saw me, he also pretended as if I wasn't there and walked off somewhere, I assume, to scratch his lottery tickets.  Needless to say, I will never be going here again.
My night was ruined thanks to this Pizza Hut. I got 3 pizzas, one for my boyfriend, brother and myself; at first glance they looked great, but when my brother started eating his pizza and found a hair it made me so disgusted but I continued to eat it anyway. When I found a hair in my own separate pizza it made me absolutely sick and couldn't even finish my 2nd piece. I find it repulsive that obviously your cooks don't wear any hair nets since there were MULTIPLE HAIRS in my pizza. This was my first real meal since getting my wisdom teeth out 3 days ago so thanks for ruining that for me. Its safe to say i don't think I'll ever be ordering from this unsanitary, disgusting location again !
I waited 1 hour and 45 minutes for my pizza to be delivered. Then when I got it, it was cold! I was so hungry but refused to eat that stuff!
We don't order delivery from the Carrick location anymore, we drive out to Brentwood when we want Pizza Hut.  Yes it's inconvenient, but it's better then taking your chances with what you'll get from this filthy, unorganized, slow location.   Since the health department hasn't gotten around to shutting them down yet may I suggest calling your doctor to make sure your current on all your shots before you bite in. That is if you can get sold of anyone to place an order in the first place.   Years from now we are going to learn on the news that the reason why they never took orders was because they only delivered to their friends who called them on their cellphones.  When they dropped off the pizzas we are going to find out they were dropping off drugs! At least this scenario makes sense.
Ordered online with Pizza Hut at 9:39pm, was routed to this store. Estimated delivery was 10:09, tried calling at 10:44 (store is "open" until 11) received message that store was closed.  Checked my credit card statement, was charged and then refunded.   I'm guessing they didn't feel like doing the delivery or even bothering to notify me.   I won't do business with this store or any of the franchisee's stores again. The franchisee apparently is Aurora Huts LLC, which owns 55 (all?) of the Pittsburgh area Pizza Huts.
This is the worst Chinese food I have had in a long time. The Crab Rangoon was clunky and too thick. There was no crab on the inside-it was all cream cheese. The egg roll I had was dripping grease and was filled with cabbage and nothing else. There were no other veggies or anything. The Sesame Chicken was mushy by the time I got home and I live 5 minutes away. It was all mushy breading and very little chicken. I ate 3 bites and threw it away. This meal was an EPIC FAIL.
They are never open on Sundays... even though they are supposed to be.. I am starting to think maybe they folded and are out of business
Yesterday I had the misfortune of getting a pizza from Bishops. It was my first time getting a pizza from there in a long time. Needless to say. I won't be getting one again. I got a pepperoni and sausage pizza. The pizza was bland , tasteless. Crust tasted like frozen pizza crust. The sauce was meh. Cheese was okay. Sausage was disgusting. Bishops used to use a delicious hot sausage. I don't know what this sausage was other then disgusting. I don't recommend getting a pizza from Bishops
The customer service is absolutely horrible. They made me wait an hour before anybody got to me, and there were 3 available beauticians in the back. I complained and got waited on right away. I thought the customer always came first. Why would they want to risk a customer not coming back. I mean I can just go down the road to Borics. These women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs. I won't be back. DISAPPOINTED...:(
I've only had one experience at Frank & Shirley's, which was enough to be my last. I didn't even get to sit down before I was disgusted by this place. While waiting to be seated, a man came from the kitchen with a toilet plunger in hand, and went to unclog the toilet. Afterwards, without washing his hands or anything, walked back into the kitchen, still carrying the plunger, dripping the entire way. I was absolutely horrified! I will never ever consider going back there.
I'm in the market for a fun little scooter to have fun and commute on, and at the suggestion of a friend, I went to Bohn Cycle Shop to check out what they had in the shop. Immediately upon walking in, it took 15 minutes for someone to ask if we were helped. When I mentioned that I wanted to learn more about a Zuma over in the corner, the dude at the desk was disinterested and unhelpful.  When I tried to pay for the scooter and roll it out, an older woman stewed around and gave me annoyed looks for coming into the store and not calling ahead. When I tried to pay with a bank-issued check, I had to wait around for nearly 20 minutes before they told me that they have never seen a bank-issued check and sent me on my way.  The entire time I was there, it felt like they thought I just stole a bunch of money and were treating me like a crook. I am definitely not going back to complete the transaction. If I'm going to be buying an expensive piece of machinery, I really expect the service to at least be a little more enthusiastic.  Like Nick T. said, I guess it's a good place if you wanna grab a used bike or know exactly what you want. If you're looking to broker a new bike, go to a bigger shop with salesmen that actually sound like they're living beings.
DO NOT GO HERE FOR SERVICE ON YOUR BIKE.  I dropped my bike off for an oil change after calling ahead of time (11am). They told me there was no one ahead of me for service. I called back at the end of the day only to be told my bike couldn't get looked at until the next day! When I questioned as to why my oil change wasn't done if they didn't have other services ahead of mine, the very rude and incompetent guy who runs their service department told me "I was busy with other stuff". From now on I will be taking my business elsewhere because this place is a joke.
Maybe I just had a bad day.  This was THE WORST "pizza" I've ever had.  I have had Original DiCarlo's in Wheeling, WV in several locations.  This is not even worthy of the name.  I got 3 extra cheese.  First off, the pizza was basically glued to the wax paper.  The crust was unevenly cooked.  First bite the crust was almost raw, dense, and way too chewy.  The sauce tasted sour and the cheese (shredded, not dices provolone like the Original) was slimy.  My second bite, the crust was burned, tasted burned, but at least it was crunchy.  There was no third bite.  The remaining slices got tossed in the garbage.  This was by far the worst "pizza" I've ever had.
1 Do not do business with this company    The owner is a thief. He will send pink notices that look like bills and instead they are service packs he attempts to get you to enroll. The service is awful, follow up on issues is non existent,the company will give you a 7 day notice and suspend your POS license for even questioning an invoice and shut down your entire business. The techs are part time and walk out of your business if they can't address an issue and push it to another part time tech... Save yourself the aggravation... I have FUTURE POS AND BOUGHT THE LICENSES SO IM STUCK!! and go direct to the dealer in Butler PA.. This company's the worst and can't even keep employees... They do have 2 techs that have been with the company one more incompetent the the other...you have been warned!!!
If zero was an option that is what i would rate them! They are the worst company to ever deal with all they want is money! I called tec support to get my back office un-locked and they said it would be $600 i already bought the system for $4000
Zero if that was an opinion. Worst POS company in Pittsburgh deal with Cutting Edge Solutions in Butler or any other POS company other than NCR/Aloha.
I am kind to all service workers! always! This place has the worst service I have ever seen. I do not expect four star treatment from fast food but this place is ridiculous. You better check your bag because they are going to forget something. Yesterday my husband went to get a quickie family fish dinner. He was told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppies and Pepsi. Okay thats fine but what can we have to replace the hushpuppies? He was told to go down the street there is a store. This is inside, not the drive thru. It seems that this is a common experience at this restaurant. I already sparingly frequent fast food establishments but this will definitely be the last attempt. And yes I have contacted the corp. I dont want anything from them though, they can keep it.
My sister and I used to love going to Anthony's Pizza. It was a staple of Carrick for over 40 years. Recently it changed ownership and sadly the results are horrific.  We ordered an 8-cut (medium) pizza with anchovies. The problem is quantitative. They appear to be using the original recipe however the amount of dough, cheese, and sauce is literally 40% or less of what it used to be. Anthony's always had a thin crusted pizza, but this is now paper thin! I've been making pizza for years and have been to all the best pizza restaurants in Pittsburgh as a lifelong resident so I know good pizza and what is expected in terms of sizing. One piece was so small it literally fit within the palm of my hand (fingers excluded!) - we were shocked. To compound the misery, when my sister called to explain, she was not rude - polite, yet honest and firm, the woman who is co-owner was condescending and sarcastic and asked how she thought the pizza could be made better! My sister then calmly explained how the amount of dough and cheese used was less than half of what it should have been for a medium sized pizza.   The worst thing, and this really reflects on the woman's character and business ethics, is that not once did she offer an apology! Not even a simple "I'm sorry." That is outrageous and inexcusable. This was no small inconsequential complaint, it was a serious issue, yet it didn't even phase her. Also she didn't offer us a refund, she didn't offer to remake the pizza, nor did she offer us any sort of discount on future purchases. Needless to say we will never go there again. It's a shame because Anthony's used to have great pizza (I reviewed it when it was under the old ownership.) and we could have been loyal customers for years to come. Oh I should also note that the woman's 15/16 year old son, who looks like he has no experience cooking, is the cook! Even still she watched him make the pizza and she herself closed the box and handed it to me so she can't claim ignorance - on the phone she was incredulous.   Also the ambiance of Anthony's is not the same. They removed the venerable booths and replaced them with tables, took down the folk art collage on the main wall and no longer offer IBC soda. If they keep up these ridiculously small portions I can't see them staying in business very long. This is Carrick, not Sewickley or Mt. Lebanon. People around here expect value for their money and will not tolerate what they are doing.   I urge everyone to steer clear of the new Anthony's. CAVEAT EMPTOR!!!
Not very good very disappointed
Very disappointed. Wouldn't recommend at all. Got a large pizza. The quality was horrible. The sauce was not a good flavor at all. I had to wait 2 hours just for a pick up for this crap. Their pizza box was more like a diaper. The Pizza bagels were soggy yet burned. The employees looked like a bunch of drug addicts hanging out. And the Prices too high. Biggest waste of money!!
I ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushrooms.  Disgusting is putting it lightly.  The was hardly any bacon on the pie and the pizza was greasy and soggy.  The mushrooms were burnt and when I bit into one of them, my mouth filed with grease.  I threw the whole meal in the garbage.
I came and left after seeing all the changes, I was here to check out the place after the hospital mentioned it was a cool bar.  I think all the hype from my colleagues was not justified.........Not a great menu, just a boring bar!!  It's a shame, what happened???? I was looking forward to a great place to hang out, eat and chug beers.
We had a Groupon to use for The Park House. It included two sandwiches/entrees and two sides. We each had a pint of beer with dinner and were shocked when we received our check: our beer was $44. I was charged $22.50 for Southern Tier's Choklat Stout. The same size bottle retails for approximately $10. That is completely ridiculous. It also does not help that they do not have beer prices listed.   One star for the ridiculous overcharge. The food was good.
This place is a dump. Being new to Pittsburgh we bought a bunch of Groupons to try new places in town. We decided to check out the Park House for a bite to eat and a few drinks. What a joke. Even though the Groupon included menu items, they don't have a kitchen. They have a microwave on the bar and all of their food choices are microwave. Gross, and it's a dirty, sketchy bar on the corner of East Ohio and Cedar. Never again ... They can keep the other Groupon. Maybe they can use the money to buy some real food.
I developed my 120 film here the other day, and they charged me an extra 4 dollars a roll for no reason.  On the website they say $8 but they charged me $12.  The owner is very pretentious and rude.  When I told him that it says 8 dollars online he didn't care at all.  When I dropped my film off the high school kid didn't even tell me the price because "it is too much for me to calculate"  Also, the photo equipment, darkroom equipment and film are way over priced.  I am never going back to this place.  I strongly urge everyone to never enter or deal with Bernie's Photo.  Rather, use the websites of companies like B&H, Adorama, or Calumet.  The have MUCH better customer service and better prices.  Very disappointed that this is the only photo store in the city.
Went in to buy a cold shoe adapter in a pinch on my way to a shoot. He charged me $20 for the same exact item that sells for $6.29 at B&H. I bought it without thinking, as I was stressing on the way to a gig, but was furious when I thought about it in the car. Unfortunately, this is the only game in town. Makes me glad I live in New York City. You would think a store in a dying industry would thrive to provide better customer service, pretty much the only reason why I would go to a small store rather than a big one. They don't even offer that.
I gave them a film to develop back in May.  They gave me a nice receipt.  One week later I call, not ready.  The following week, they would call me back.  Four months later, they still have no idea what they did with the film.  Other than losing your stuff, they seem like nice guys.
Service and products are lackluster. I don't regularly shoot digital, so I need a 'real' camera shop to either process or send out my film rolls for negatives. But to be fair, I may as well go to Filmmakers and use their darkroom to process the film myself. First of all, they do not have their own darkroom at Bernie's, and therefore have to send it out and it takes sometimes over a week. Secondly, I've stressed to them in the past that I wanted negative scans and not prints. But 9/10 they give me prints anyway. If you shoot with a Sony, Panasonic, Leica, etc, they are more than likely not to carry any accessories for it. They have mostly Canon and Nikon accessories; most of their lenses are used and rather pricey compared to others.  Pros: variety of lenses (for a price), lots of film stock types to choose from, certain specialty accessories or gear not found anywhere else in the city.  Overall, not a great choice. I was once a frequent customer and now I curse this establishment. For the only 'real' camera shop around, they're 'really' disappointing.
These guys are assholes to the max. In addition to being condescending, they hung up on me. I called to inquire if they carried a certain kind of film, despite that they do in fact carry that film, they basically told me to go elsewhere. You would think in a dying business you wouldn't turn away potential customers - especially someone who was being pleasant and polite. Even after being a dick, I thanked him for his help which was returned by him hanging up. I typically would never say you're better off buying online, but in this case you truly are. Their attitudes and lack of professionalism is not worth your sanity.
Despite living in PIttsburgh for most of my life, I've somehow managed to never eat at Max's Allegheny Tavern until recently.    My initial impression of the restaurant was positive - the place had an old neighborhood feel to it, a small crowd was drinking at the end of the antique hardwood bar, and the German murals on the walls made me crave an icy-cold German lager with a stout head of foam.  I thought about how well German potato salad would taste with that beer.  So I grabbed a seat at the bar and eagerly awaited the first taste of my beer.  And I waited...and waited...and waited some more - for over 15 minutes before someone came around to take the order.  Actually that isn't quite accurate.  Two employees came around - one to the end of the bar, and one behind the bar directly opposite me.  Both of them stared at me.  Neither one greeted me or asked me what I would have like to order.  I stared back, incredulously, and even made a "what's going on here" palms-extended-upward-shoulder-shrug gesture.  Neither one took the hint.  Finally a third employee came around the bar and took my order.  Great, I thought to myself, finally that beer.  She served the beer in a Mason jar.  WTF?!?  Who serves imported German lager at a German restaurant in a freaking Mason jar?  Max's does.  The beer was devoid of its head, likely the result of a bad beer pour and/or a less than perfectly clean glass (an endemic problem with Pittsburgh restaurants, in my observation).  I was sad.  I quaffed my beer quickly in an attempt to salve my irritation and opened the menu.  My first impression of the menu can be summed as follows: "Uh-oh".  The menu is huge with a number of "slow-food" stews and braises.  The restaurant is more than half-empty.  How can a restaurant prepare such a large number of menu items, including more than a few labor-intensive dishes, freshly every day and still stay in business when the place isn't even half-full?  Answer: They can't.  The food isn't fresh.  I ordered the Wiener Schnitzel.  I love properly prepared Wiener Schnitzel.  Made with fresh butterflied veal breast, slightly pounded and seasoned, well-coated in fresh bread crumbs, and pan-fried in clarified butter until golden brown on the outside and juicy on the inside, Wiener Schnitzel is the ultimate comfort food.    Sadly, Max's Wiener Schnitzel had nothing to do with properly prepared Schnitzel.  The veal was super-thin, had a texture that strongly suggested it had been mechanically processed, and tasted as if it was pre-breaded and frozen.  It wasn't pan fried either.  The breaded, frozen, puck was simply dropped into a fryolater - where the breading puffed out and fell off of the meat in places (which doesn't happen when the cutlet is resting against the cooking surface under its own weight as when the dish is properly pan-fried).  The edges of the sad Schnitzel had curled up and it looked a horrible mess on the plate.  Curly Schnitzel?!?  My stomach dropped.  My sides, German potato salad and braised red cabbage, were equally awful.  The German potato salad had an unnatural glossy sheen - the kind that typically comes from bottled sauces that contain high fructose corn syrup.  The "bacon" in the dressing was nothing more than tiny flecks of some sort of processed, possibly faux, "meat".  The potatoes were suspiciously uniform in thickness and roundness - exactly the homogeneity that is found in pre-peeled, pre-sliced, vacuum-sealed processed potatoes.  It was a gluey, sickly sweet, mess.  I didn't have more than a bite or two.  The braised red cabbage didn't taste fresh - it tasted like it had been sitting in a steam table for a day or two and my order was its last chance to be eaten.    Max's Allegheny Tavern bills itself on their web site as, "The Best in German Fare.  The Best in Service".  That's total bullshit.  It's awful - both for service and fare.  If you want good, authentic, German fare (in which the Schnitzel is properly pan-fried to order and delicious), join the Teutonia Mannerchor down the street.    I'll never return.
I must of been eating at another Max's in a pararell universe!  Food was terriable, service was worse! Went and got Sushi!
My husband and I have been to this restaurant many times over the past 20 years and went for sandwiches tonight. Sorry to say it was the worst food we have ever eaten at this place. Reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat. Sweet potato fries were not edible. We ate at a table at the bar and told Andy our bartender but got zero satisfaction. Since we've had such a bad experience and no effort by the restaurant to remedy a BAD MEAL, be warned!
I was.very disappointed in the food. If you want bland tasteless food, then stop here. They need to get out of the 70's with the decor.  I ordered the corned beef and cabbage sandwich, it was edible but not enjoyable. Don't waste your money here there are much better choices
Not a fan of this "german" place. Simply awful.  We ordered the Potato Pancake Reuben and a Traditional Reuben. So much gristle in the meat. Very low quality food for the price.  The bar is cool, have stopped here in the past and enjoyed the atmosphere of the bar.  Bar yes. Food/Restaurant no.
My sister in law was in town and we decided to get brunch. Looked up local places and this had a good review...though I have no idea how. The Restarunt is small, the booths are tiny and the food was nearly inedible. The only good part was the bacon, which was ok at best. Avoid at all costs
I have not a single good thing to say about this restaurant.   The service was terrible, took 15 min to get a water. The nachos were terrible on store bought chips with raw onions and green peppers on them and very little meat. We ordered the turkey Reuben that tasted funky on day old potato pancakes. We also ordered Max's famous Reuben, nothing famous about it. Extremely light on the corn beef. Nothing special at all. Will NEVER go back.
Worst.  Dinner.  Ever. Food from a senior citizens home.  Everything ready in 2 seconds because it sat under a heat lamp.  Avoid at all cost.
I've only ever ordered from this place but honestly it was the worst German I've ever had. Goulash was unidentifiable as any I've had, bitter flavor as well. Potato pancakes taste like they had vinegar in them. Horrendous.
I really wanted to like this place. Great reviews and a renovated priory--what a great idea! The pictures on the website are beautiful.  We found a grumpy old man at the front desk, and he could not have been less interested in our arrival. It felt like we were disturbing him to ask for our room key. But the fun started when we returned later in the evening. We found the rollaway we had requested (and paid for) not present, and I went back down to the old gentleman. He stared at me and then went back to pecking at his computer. I waited. Suddenly he looked up at me and started yelling, something to the effect that there wasn't anything that he could do, and that he would see if someone could do something but probably not. He also angrily admitted that the reservation did show the rollaway.  I slunk away with my guest who had by now come down, too, embarrassed and insulted. It shouldn't be this way. If this is personalized service, I'd rather stay at a motel.  Even without grumpy old man, there's nothing special about this place. The rooms were ok, but the bathrooms tiny (I guess they should be called showerrooms). Everything else was sub-par. The dining room breakfast was served in was tacky and the coffee awful. We did not dare try the free wine. The hotel is in a bad neighborhood.  For the money, find a special at the William Penn on the Omni Hotels website. If you want a boutique hotel, try the Inn on the Mexican War Streets--a beautiful building with friendly owners just across from the National Aviary and that beautiful park. The Priory does not feel boutique and is not worth the hassle.  Priory, get grumpy old man out of a customer-facing role.
We stayed here and was initially disappointed-- being new to town, our first impression was that Pittsburgh was a very very bad town full of homeless and degenerates (the area, I find out later, is one of the worst spots in the city!).  The hotel is located across the street from a housing authority building.  Projects?  UGH.  Great.    Then we were put into a "historical" room that was similar to that of a rundown cheap apartment-- old shower stall, moldy threadbare carpeting, lumpy squeaky bed.    I find out an hour later (after freaking out about the lo-end aspect of this room) that they have new rooms that were just recently renovated.  I asked to see the room, and then ultimately change to that room-- for a fee, of course.  About 50% more expensive.  But I pay more because NO WAY would I be able to exist in this old "historical" creepy room.    Finally, a regular room-- the "renovated" room was similar to that of an acceptable hotel room.  Why even keep this historical, old, dingy, dirty room?  Do they figure unsuspecting people who don't know any better will just accept it b/c they have no other choice??   I slept well in the "new" renovated room, and would have been freaked out all night in the old room. What a difference. Actually, the bed and linens were very, very comfortable.  The bathroom was nice and clean.  The room was what I expected a hotel room to be... not high end four seasons, but not cheap and nasty either.   The hotel obviously had availabilities of the new, renovated rooms, so why put us in an old, unrenovated, ugly old apartment looking room? If they believed in upgrading, then they would have at least gotten repeat business!! For those who are going to book here, pay more for the new rooms, or go somewhere else.  The option of staying in the old room should not be an option at all.    I don't think I will ever go back here if I ever go back to Pittsburgh.  I will stay at a chain hotel-- marriot or whatever.  What is money except a means to be comfortable and live?  I will spend more next time.  Breakfast was "eh".  It was free-- small stations of some fruit, cheese, small pastries, cereal, yougurt and two hot items:  sausage + bacon.  OJ, Cranberry, Milk and Coffee also available.  Honestly, I felt like I was in college, and watching my pennies (poor), staying here...
Was at a beautiful wedding.  Staff was terrible, unpleasant, and the two slobs at the front desk need to be in the back with their people skills.  Nice hotel but make sure you take some warm bodies with you because the "people" at the priory are cold, miserable and just plain miserable. I get better guest service at Holiday Inn
We decided to have a little staycation at the Priory earlier this month.  My husband made the reservation with a special they were having for a dinner date night.  With the special, they give you a few Pittsburgh restaurants to choose from and you get a $50 voucher to that restaurant.  When my husband called the Priory, they said they would make the reservations and call us back on the time.  We never got a call about the reservation time which was annoying.  But the main issue was we checked in, talked to the girl at the front desk about having the shuttle take us to this reservation at Meat and Potatoes, and she set us up with the shuttle.  We go in the room, look around for the $50 voucher, and it's not in the room so we assumed (i know we should never assume) that it was taken care of with Meat and Potatoes when they  made our reservation.  We had a fabulous dinner at M&P, great food, great service, and the bill comes.  We asked the server about this Priory $50 voucher and he had never heard about it so the manager comes over and says they didn't give them anything but to have them call and ask for him and he'll work it out.  We called the Priory and told them this, the girl who answered gave us an attitude and said you should have asked for it.  Then refused to call M&P to talk to the manager.  She just said to pay the full bill and we can work it out when we get back to the hotel.  We gave the manager our phone and he was yelled at as well about this.  He took our word that the Priory would deliver it to him the next day and he deducted the $50 from our bill.  It was embarrassing and it wasn't the issue with the money, just the service with the priory.  This showed us two things: We won't be going back to the Priory due to the lack of service and lack of respect and we WILL be going back to M&P because their service was impeccable.
My wife and I are seasoned travelers and have had many opportunities to enjoy hospitality all over the world, and we had high hopes for the Priory based on reviews, but the short version of our review is that we won't go back!  The staff was not friendly - especially the bartender who preferred to watch his cartoon show and glower at the guests who dared to interrupt his TV - and the driver who loudly complained about the challenge of all the limo requests made of him.  The worst however was the room itself (124) - odd stains in the tub that inhibited its use, a bathroom door that would not close completely preventing privacy, and an air conditioner that could double as a white noise machine.  Add to that a breakfast that was so lame that we didn't even bother with it the second morning - stale rolls, hard boiled eggs, unripened fruit, and not one thing served hot - just ridiculous for the price charged.  Again, we will not go back and would discourage others from staying there.
I have terrible foot pain and can barely walk. I was told to come in 5 weeks.  In the past I have seen this doctor for minor foot problems. Very disappointed that I can not be seen sooner. Would only recommend this doctor for toenail trims or  minor problems. Do not believe he cares about his patients. Dissatisfied patient
Horrible food, horrible service. I'm really not sure how this place manages to stay in business.
I hate to post anything negative,  but seriously, this place was one of the worst.  We weren't expecting top of the line anything,.but everything about this place was bad.  The place was pretty dirty, the coffee was like water, we waited close to an hour for our food (apparently the cook decided to leave for about 45 minutes), the waitress-owner was more interested in drinking beers with another set of customers (at 9:30 in the morning!!) than checking on us.  The food was beyond bad-oh'...and ice cold.  The waitress, the one time she came over, literally spilled.a good amount of coffee on our table and just walked back to her drinking buddies.  It was like getting a shitty breakfast in a local sub dive bar.
Ron's Pizza Palace is cheap. If the only requirement for your meal is that it costs less than $10, Ron's still wouldn't be your best option.  Today I ordered an "antipasta" (sic) salad that came with wilted lettuce, thinly sliced, low quality deli meat, rotting carrots, and an overabundance of some shredded white cheese. The entire combination filled slightly more than one quarter of the styrofoam container it came in.  On multiple occasions in the past, I have ordered hoagies from Ron's. While I have had enjoyable hoagies from Ron's, that is not the standard experience. The hoagies are very inconsistent in terms of quality, occasionally good, frequently bad. If you get a hoagie, I don't recommend one with produce on it. The produce in their hoagies is as bad as their salads.  I won't be ordering from Ron's again, despite the inexpensive menu. I'm all for a cheap meal, but only if a certain standard of quality is met. With Ron's, you are better off considering fast food.
Was going to try the buffalo pizza. Tried to call about 9:15 pm Saturday night and they didn't even pick up the phone. They'er menu says that they are open til 10pm  Disappointed again! No longer going to try.
I really don't know how this place got any good reviews. One big problem is that the place is dirty, the carpets, the lighting above the tables and the furniture. I have tried this place 5 times in the past 2 years and this is how it went. The 1st time I had a burger which tasted funny and I didn't finish it. I got food poisoning and was so sick. This I thought might have been a stomach flu so I did try this place again. The 2nd time I was with some friends from the neighborhood and 3/5 of us had the spaghetti and meatballs and we got food poisoning.Now I'm thinking that they have a hygiene problem with the ground meat. I was going to stay away from the place but a friend from Troy hill liked to stop there because it was close to her home. No problem,next time I got french fries with gravy. How could this be a problem?.When they got to the table they had put cold canned gravy on my fries.When I told the waitress about it she took it back to the kitchen and microwaved it till it was the heat of lava. Needless to say I refused to pay for them. The 4th time my friend dragged me there, I had a salad. I didn't get sick but it wasn't anything special with bagged salad mix and a couple of under ripe tomato pieces and cucumber. The last time I only got a slice of pie and this was good. I no longer have to go to Billy's, my dear friend has passed away and I refuse to go anywhere near the place. To the owner-Please sell the restaurant, you obviously don't care for the place or know how to handle food safely.
Well, my update is that this place has been sold and new owners are going to give it a shot. I am excitedly awaiting a grand opening for the new place. My first hope is that they will steam clean the whole place to start. I will try it no matter what kind of place it is because I try to support local businesses.
How to put this gently?  While I may go back to Pittsburgh some day, I will never return to the Carnegie Museum of Art.   It's not that I mind that its gallery seemed small compared to others I have viewed (sometimes small museums have some hidden treasures) or that one whole gallery was blown glass and I felt like I was at a bong shop on haight st. in sf.   It comes down to the fact that a docent, while trying to explain a painting with a watchtower in it, told the students it was a watchtower "from Auschwitz, a place where they basically fried a lot of Jews".  Seriously? That's how she chose to describe concentration camps to a large class of what I could only guess were middle schoolers? It sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint..."oh that place? they basically just fry eggs".  On top of all that, the description of the piece stated the watchtower was reminiscent of those that were spread throughout East and West Germany during Hitler's rule (i.e. not those in Auschwitz).  In sum, docents are a reflection of the institution in which they volunteer, and this one sucked. So, Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, if you're going to hire racist people to lead your tours, at least make sure they have their facts straight (or can read).
At this point, I am done. I scheduled my kids for the last 2 weeks in August and then due to an emergency, I had to cancel, which I did a month before their camp was to start. I was told they were issuing my refund, and that was 3 weeks ago. THREE WEEKS and i still dont have it. I live probably 30 minutes from the museum and could have driven there 63838484848485858 times by now and picked it up. Its just sooo unprofessional and annoying. They need to get their office together and deliver refunds in a timely manner. 7-10 business days are fine but 3 WEEKS is UNACCEPTABLE for it to not have even been MAILED YET. So dissapointed and will never use them again.
In response to the response I received from the Museum rep, I called and left a message and never received a reply as of yet, but you reponded on Yelp. This week is the 3rd week. your response stated that my refund was sent this week, if you are speaking about this current week, today is the 14th, monday and the week has just begun. If you are talking about last week, can you please tell me what day since leaving messages do not gain a response except to be contacted here on Yelp. Thank you.
Estimated delivery time 45 minutes actually delivery time 120 minutes.  Pizza Hut , a pizza of last resort.
Estimated delivery time from an online order: 120 min. Called to make sure it was actually out for delivery, guy says "Our estimated delivery time is actually 2 hours."   I should've just picked up an hour ago -_-  Don't bother with delivery here. Carry out is your best bet.
This is the worst location. Orders are consistently incorrect and rarely on time.    Asked for a refund due to order not even being made after 20 min
After reading all of these horrible reviews, I made the mistake of still ordering from this place.  Order placed at 6:12 pm, delivered at 7:36pm.  Order was:  1.  Cold 2.  Ordered 2 medium pizzas, both THIN crust, one pepperoni, one premium salami...I received both regular crust one with sausage.  Called store, told Mgr. the problem he said, and I quote " the problem is our driver took the wrong pizzas"  no shit genius.  His remedy was to have the driver go back and pick them up then deliver them to me...really?
First and last order. Two hours and I'm still waiting on a slow Sunday night. Indian call center said the order was cancelled, local store said it was out for delivery--45 minutes ago. Tick, tick, tick...Store is less than a mile away. Made the 2nd call. This time they admit he's only left 20 minutes ago. Unapologetic and pitiful. Now it's after closing time and I can't them to answer the phone to cancel.
do not order from this place! really bad service!
Food is ok but Horrible delivery service. They called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one. Hence didn't deliver the food and when we called to ask if you can't we can pick up the food they said we are closed and you can't do carry out as well. Horrible horrible service.
If I could give this restaurant a zero, I would. We were just asked by our waitress to leave because someone with a reservation was waiting for our table. My father and father-in-law were still finishing up their coffee and we had not yet finished our dessert! I've never been so humiliated. Do NOT go to this restaurant! Their food was mediocre at best. If you want excellent Italian in a small intimate restaurant, go to Dish on the South Side. I will not be going back.
Went for the first and last time tonight. Made reservations for 3. Restaurant thought we said 2 and acted like we lied. $12 corkage fee for 1 bottle of wine. Asked to leave when we finished eating, because they needed the table, on a Thursday night. Food was OK, but not even close to making up for all the other problems. I can easily get a good meal elsewhere for those prices, with better service.
The best thing about this place is Sam. The worst thing about this place is also Sam.  What was great was that Sam made me feel at home and treated me like someone he had known for a long time. He took me to the back of his warehouse, gave me a free beer to drink, and engaged me in plenty of conversation. At one point, though, he said, "You look oriental, but you also look American." I'm pretty sure he wasn't meaning for it to be offensive, and I just discounted it as his being an old man who didn't know it was no longer politically correct to say things like that.  This is not why I recommend against Caruso's, however. The reason why I'll never go there again is because Sam knowingly sold me expired beer.  I was on my way back from the North Side to the East End where I live and after seeing these good reviews, I decided to stop by. I wanted a case of Yuengling, but Sam said, "Why don't you try this instead," and popped open a fresh bottle of Castello, an Italian beer. He had me drink it, all the while espousing its comparative taste to Yuengling at a cheaper price point. It certainly tasted alright, and a case of it was a couple dollars less than what Yuengling was going for.  Since the Castello tasted fine, I ended up buying a case of it on Sam's recommendation. A few days later when I opened the box and drank a couple of the beers, however, I noticed that they tasted funny. That's when I looked at the label and saw how each of the bottles had its "sell by" date marked out in black Sharpie. You could see the numbers underneath the Sharpie, and the dates were for well over two years ago. So basically, Sam had convinced me to buy something he hadn't been able to sell, knowing that I lived in the East End and probably wasn't going to visit again anyway.  Stale beer aside, there's another big reason not to go to Caruso's: Their prices are steep--$24 for a case of Yuengling. While Sam might be a more charming character than the young folks at my neighborhood distributor Pistella's, at least I know that Pistella's has significantly lower prices and actually has enough customers and product turnover that they won't purposely sell me something that's not fresh.
The most dysfunctional subway I have ever been to.  I am in outside sales and eat at subway at least once a week throughout the pittsburgh area and surrounding.  I ordered a Tuscan chicken salad and you would have thought I asked them to paint the sisteen chapel!  The fountain drinks are cheapened by less syrup and more soda water.  The sweet tea is also cheapened with hardly any sugar.  The only redeeming quality is the young girl who works here.  She is very polite even when asking a peer for help with ringing up my order.  The peer got all up in arms about how they never trained them to do that.  The young girl politely asked for a moment, sought out who I believe to be the owner/manager and came back promptly with a solution.  I don't expect much from subway to begin with and this location is a far cry from bare minimum.
Does not honor National Sub Day offer. They tell you JUST as you are about to pay. Too late to back out. WTF?
Awful.  I didn't know how bad it was until I went to a different GE and saw how good it could be.  The lines are long, the produce selection is minimal, and the store is overcrowded.  The last straw was yesterday when the cashier blew her nose, stuck kleenex up her nose, then put it back in her pocket and continued to scan groceries.  When I complained to the manager, they denied any of their employees were sick.  I'm done shopping at this store.
This Giant Eagle maybe the worst supermarket I've ever been to. There are thugs hanging out by the entrance and in the parking lot. The interior is dark and dank and has an outdated "made in the 70s" feel. With options like this I don't have a problem taking the extra time to drive to Trader Joe's.
Scariest/shadiest grocery store experience in my life. Hubby and I pulled in only to see a few cars down, people selling who-knows-what out of their car trunk. Also this is the only Giant Eagle tht gives you a really hard time if you ever forget your advantage card and give your phone no instead (it works at the other ones just fine). Then we leave by waiting for a really dazed/swaying woman to finish wandering around back and forth in front of us, and pass by a drive-by fat cash exchange (drugs?) on our way out of the parking lot. We are definitely scared to return, and will never need grapes (or any other groceries) so desperately again.
The store reeks of rotting fish, the security guards watch you like a hawk and the food selection is the worse I've seen in any Giant Eagle in the city.  One plus if you must shop here there are plenty of jitney drivers waiting for you to come out to offer you a ride.  That can be a big help if you are like me and don't have a car. "Need a car" haha some things about living in the hood just never change.   With this being the closet G E to Downtown and PNC Park and Heinz field I would think they would renovate but it's been years and still no change.
Awful.  Worst grocery store I've ever been to.  To make it worse, they are supposed to open at 7.  At 7:10, I was told they were "still getting ready to open" and I should come back "around 7:30"
The store has a weird rotting meat smell sometimes. The selection isn't amazing but there are a few interesting items here. As other people commented there are always people hanging around outside.... But they are friendly at least to me! One thing I like about the store is the proximity to my house. The biggest let down is the sky high prices that I think GE is notorious for... I miss Kroger
So I got a call from Giant Eagle asking me to give my opinion of this store. My recommendation was to burn this place to the ground. Buckle up for crappy produce, rotten fish, old meat, and security guards that speck you be stealin! This is the Gh**to Eagle!
Such a shame about this place. I moved here a couple of months ago and wasn't sure about the neighborhood yet, but Giant Eagle is the only grocery store around. I've only been there once and I will never, ever go there again, even though it's literally a 2 minute walk away from me. I was harassed in the parking lot by shabby, scary people who looked like they belonged in a mental institution, had toothless scary freaks corner me and beg me for money and cigarettes, saw a number of what must've been drug deals, and overall I felt very unsafe. The store itself seemed really outdated and stinky. I don't know if the stink was emanating off the customers or the food. Can't something be done about this? Like, have security guards or a police officer monitor the area? It's really bad that they allow the drug deals, sex offenders, and scary people to linger all over the parking lot. I realize every city has its "characters", but every potential customer's safety is very much jeopardized by allowing this shit to carry on and doing nothing about it. Get it together, Giant Eagle.
It smells funky in here.  On a positive note, its usualy fully stocked and there is an INDOOR redbox. My debit card numbers were hacked by a skimmer at the Shadyside Get Go. Every last dollar was spent in 1 hour at a Bed Bath & Beyond so i barely use redbox.. and if i do it has to be at an indoor location like this one. The skimming can still happen but i feel a little more at ease.  Oh and their check cashing system is hit or miss. Its different from other GE's so they use their own system. The last two times we were here, the system declined bobbys check. Waste of time. I dont even bother coming here anymore. All bad news.
Went to this store today and it was worse than usual . Jitneys were all parked up in the handicapped parking spaces because it was raining. The one guy was walking back to his car next to me and as he pulled his keys out of his pocket a baggie corner filled with some brown stuff fell out right in front of me. I had seen him pocket something from a man that sits at the driveway exit. He did pick it up really fast. Then I saw a young man in a tie from the store go over to the guy that was selling this stuff and they shook hands and were laughing and yacking with each other  This is in the middle of the day. I'm too scared to shop there after dark.
If I could give this place Zero stars I would.  There are never enough lanes open, food on the shelves may or may not be expired and the cashiers are downright miserable.  I won't even get into all the shenanigans going on the parking lot. I just left here where they closed a lane I was already in line for so someone could take a smoke break, meanwhile there is a line all the way to the pharmacy.  The only bright spot are the guys who bag you groceries who are always super friendly.  I wish the north side had another option but we don't.  Giant Eagle should be ashamed of this establishment.
So I take my 501's to #pfennigs cleaners on the North Dide in Pittsburgh the way I have for 6 years. Not every week but when I know it's time to get them dry cleaned.  I took 5 or 6 pairs.....3 I can still wear, 2 I can't even button them up. I knew something different happened. They shrunk so terribly that I felt it only right to ask them to reimburse me for the jeans. The owner Mr. Pfennig, gets on the phone when I called and said......whatever.....excuse me while I scream...... I work in a department that saves customers from leaving because of financial issues, service issues and reps who are rude to customers that have been with us for less than the 6 years I was a customer at this cleaners. If I said whatever to a customer more than likely it would get escalated, customer would disconnect service or with the new guidelines.....fired I would be.  It gets better......I walk over to the cleaners to speak to them and show them the work they did and was further insulted by Me. Pfennig when he said well my wife doesn't remember you and you brought these in on the 4th of January...it's the new year maybe your body changed. If I was 18 I would have beat his ass over that. Like who goes from 38's to 42's in 7 days? I even showed him the same size jeans that were done correctly and he still would not visually acknowledge that the cleaners shrunk my clothes! I told him that 2 pics, a hashtag and Twitter would fix this.  It's a new day and age and for someone who supports small business to be treated and talked to this way is no longer acceptable. The sad part of this was I would have continued being a customer if he had reimbursed me $90 for 2 pair of 501's that I purchased on sale from Macy's.  I see the one thing that stands out in these reviews is the owners lack of customer service skills. I will never give them another penny and the money I spend going elsewhere will be worth it. #badcleaners
Horrible customer service! Owner takes no responsibility for ruining clothing. He will blame everyone else before apologizing. I may not be the highest paying customer but I deserved at the very least an apology.
Our bartender didn't know what a pint was or how to pour a beer
The worst customer service ever!!!!!!! When I told my stylist which design I wanted, she proceeded to say that the stat wouldn't look right on a shorter nail. she then offered to do a Freestyle  design on my nails which was horrible I did not like it at all. I told her then that I change my mind that did not want to design and she got a attitude when I asked for my money back for the design. She couldn't talk to other customers about the predicament comparing our situation to one at the restaurant. I will never ever come back to this establishment because not only do they do poor work they are rude and disrespectful.
I normally don't do this but I'm so disappointed. If you care about your natural nails, stay away from this place. The polish should be soaked off not filed off and the polish should last for at least two/three weeks with shellac. I had it done Friday afternoon and needed them repaired by Saturday afternoon.
I don't eat at this restaurant very often. The food is okay but what is nasty about this restaurant is they let horrible smelling homeless people eat there. There is this one guy who comes into this restaurant & smells like he shits himself & he smells extremely horrible!  I'm glad I don't eat at this restaurant very often.
STAY AWAY... We've been 3 times over the past few years, each time we say "let's try it again" followed by "wish we'd done something else".  Reminds me of the movie line "Run away, run very far away"  Last nite after Steelers/Jets was last straw. I hope the owner or general manager reads this. And think the health department should too.  Service is mediocre and slow. consistently. Waitress was ok in attitude.  After our soup starter (good french onion soup) we waited and waited and waited and waited for our mains. Noticing us staring at her, waitress stopped by, went into kitchen, came back and said we were next. my watch said 8:31. Then her manager came by and argued with me and said we were next, then at 8:52pm the horrible food finally arrived. That's 21 minutes to be next. In that time we watched 4 tables turn from being seated to drinks to mains to check down while we waited for our main.   Manager embarrassed himself. Said they were busy and working our food and he had checked and would come soon. I told him about the 4 tables turning and he said no they didn't. then I said I used to manage restaurants and know what customer service and ticket times are and he challenged me and said no I didn;t and I had no idea what I was talking about. What an idiot! First rule of restaurant business is the customer is always right.  Then the food arrived. How hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms, seriously? It was two soggy fried chicken tenders from the deep fryer (not pan sauteed) over a bowl of bowtie pasta with shrooms and a sauce. While the sauce did have some marsala in it, it was full of sour cream and tasted like stroganoff and a little funny. The Penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor. We were so hungry we ate most and left.  1 hour later I was sick on the side of the road from the dinner and still feel really rough this morning.
My husband and I are Cubs fans and flew into Pittsburgh to see Friday and Saturday's Cubs-Pirates game this past weekend (7/7 & 8).  We got to PNC Park around 5 p.m. and since the gates weren't open we decided to sit and have some drinks before the game.  We stopped first at Atria's.  Although there was only one other table occupied outside, we were told if we weren't going to order food (just drink) we would have to give up our table if people, who were eating food needed it.  This was RIDICULOUS  to us so we left!  We were paying guests just like their other guests!!  Anyway we went a few businesses down and drank at Dominic's.  We went to Dominic's both nights and probably spent close to $100 AND did up getting FOOD.  Atria's better rethink how they treat guests....
Ugh, I hate this place.  People from work drag me here to lunch more often than I would like.  The food is overpriced.  The service is snotty and slow.  I can barely get free in under an hour-and-a-half.  The food is forgettable and the menu sparse.  They're terrible for pick-up too - even when you call way ahead, you're made to wait, and they're surly about taking care of you when you arrive for your food.  You can do better for lunch on the northshore pretty much anywhere.  Try SoHo or Finnegan's instead.
Here before Bucs VICTORY OVER THE CARDS in game 3 of the NLDS, a Sunday. Game at 4:30, got here at 2:30. Packed both inside and out. Can't comment on any other time but this really hectic one.   Ordered Pepsi and brisket nachos. AWFUL. Soggy chips, some shredded beef drenched in sweet generic BBQ sauce, a blanket of cold congealed cheese spotted with jalapeño slices. Not a degree above room temp.   Will give them 1 star for tasty Pepsi and keeping it filled.
Went before a baseball game with the kids. Limited menu. My husband asked the same server 3 times for a water, he never received. My Reuben tasted like eating a salt stick. Won't go back!
ok, i don't want to judge all atria's by this one. in fact, i wouldn't even judge this atria's solely by this one experience. but let me tell you, i was highly disappointed. i will point out the good parts of the night first. we arrived to see a band play. the entertainment was great, didn't cost extra (although there was a $20 minimum per person), and i liked the set up in the room where they played. also, the soup i got (crab bisque) was delicious! ok, now, for the rest of the experience. first of all, our service was AWFUL. i don't know our server's name, and i know some of the wait wasn't his fault, as there was a large party upstairs. but it took at least ten minutes to even order our drinks, another 15 before we even got them. ten more minutes before we could order our food, and after the meal, we must have waited at least 15 if not 20 minutes for our check before one of the members in our party finally had to go up to our waiter and complain. i saw him checking on other tables, and it didn't seem like he had many tables to keep him so busy. as a server, myself, i always give my servers the benefit of the doubt, but it really got to be too much. the one thing i will say for him though, was that he was very nice. but for how much we waited, we should have had something comped or at least got some sort of apology BEFORE we had to complain. the rest of the food and drinks were okay. good, but not enough to make up for the service. i had the berry mojito to drink and the greek salad to eat. i'd try another atria's before i'd go back to this one. but now i'm weary of the restaurant all together.
I was meeting up with 3 other people there. But I was a few minutes late.  Because I wasn't there at the time,  they refused to seat the others.  Not even to just get drinks or an appetizer ordered.  So they left to go to some place that would serve them (Dominic's)  This place clearly couldn't be bothered to have our business,  which seems like an odd way to run an organization.  One star because we didn't get anything that we wanted.
When you walk into a buzzing restaurant, you'd expect to be greeted by someone, be that a server, a greeter or the bartender. I went in last night, stood around for almost 10 minutes, and was completely ignored. I was meeting a few friends, so I decided to walk across the street and grab a beer and make a reservation (using open table) for 45 minutes later.  Reservation confirmed, and beer finished, I walk back over, walk in to the place and someone's at the computer in the entryway on the phone. He finishes, we make eye contact, he nods and walks away. My friends come in, we wait 10 minutes for someone who works there to talk to us. I tell her we have reservations, she acts like it can't happen, and that it's my mistake, she says that the place is closed for a private party. I ask why there isn't a sign on the door saying 'closed for private party', and I get a ridiculous answer that the "CEO doesn't like us to do that". How dumb is that: you leave your system open to make reservations and you don't alert people that might be going to a show on the north shore that the place is closed. The fake sincerity is what really got me. You know what a 'private party' sign does? It advertises that you are available for private parties, and would have given me an hour to figure out other arrangements.
I was here on a business dinner and it firmly seated itself as the absolute WORST place I've ever eaten at.  -hair in the food -crab cakes were touted as amazing, in reality disgusting ice cream scoops of poor crab and mayonnaise  -"risotto" uncooked and congealed to plate.  -vegetables gummy and soaked in oil. Not properly prepped and served with woody stems.   I was shocked this place turns a profit
Before a Pirates game we stopped in to get a bite. I ordered a hamburger with fries for $13.00. Very disappointed. It took over 30 minutes to get the order. The meat was very dry and falling apart but not over cooked. This tells me that they added "filler", usually bread, to stretch the meat and pump profits. I've had juicier meat and larger patty at Wendy's for a sixth of the price. Overall...I would not go back to Atria's.
Just went to this restaurant to try and have dinner and the guy that sat us was very nice but after waiting 10 minutes with no sign of a server my husband finally asked if they could send someone to wait on us and they said they would. Waited another 5 minutes and no one showed up so we got up and left. Awful place, to bad I was looking forward. We only wish we would have ordered food and then left.
I went to atrias a little bit back for their sunday brunch. I was really excited to hear that they had smoked salmon. We got there two hours before the brunch was supposed to stop, a reasonable arrival time I thought (although technically any time during that window should be fine). However, when we got there the buffet was well picked over. I thought perhaps they were going to bring out more food. I was mostly wrong. The pancakes were dry hockey pucks that tasted frozen. The smoked salmon I was so greatly looking forward to was gone and when I asked if they were going to bring out more I was VERY rudely answered "no it's done". It is hard to convey how rude this cook behind the buffet was but I was greatly offended (and I was very nice about it)! The food was not great and not worth the price at all. Go somewhere else for brunch.
We took my whole family here for Mother's Day brunch and it was actually awful. We had a party of 11 people. We made the reservations ahead of time and the day before they called to say there was a race in front of the restaurant and we couldn't park out front. My 80-year old grandma was coming with us and she has trouble walking. The restaurant apologized but had no options for handicapped parking with the race going on. My dad parked in town and wheeled her in a wheelchair across the bridge. This worked out fine, but when we arrived at the restaurant they had us at a table upstairs. We asked them to show us to the elevator. They didn't have one. So after all the discussion the day before about handicapped parking why on earth would they seat us upstairs? We had to wait for a table to be set up downstairs. Luckily they were not busy.  We were seated near an outside door and had space for the wheelchair but by the time we were ready to leave they added a table outside in front of the door so we had quite a bit of trouble maneuvering the wheelchair to get out!   We also had trouble with the food. My mom and sister don't eat gluten so they ordered a meal that had potatoes listed as the side dish. It came out of the kitchen with noodles instead of the potatoes. They said they changed the menu. But that should be explained by the waitstaff when someone orders the meal! We also waited over 15 minutes before someone even took our order.   I did enjoy my own meal but all of the other trouble was not worth it. We won't be back to this location and especially not on a holiday when we expected to go all out for our mothers and treat them to an expensive meal without any issues about seating and such!
We had to go through these people to pay rent for our crap-hole apartment. One day we got a notice that the house was going up for Sheriffs Auction. We immediately talked to the people here and they told us not to worry- the same thing has happened before and the owner took care of it. So we think nothing of it (we were college kids and it was our first apartment). A few months later we come home to find a 30 days notice on our front door. We were never informed by the landlord or the this real estate company that the house was under control of the city even though we were at the real estate office several times to pay rent and to check on the status of things. We had between paying rent that entire time that it was actually sold in the Sheriffs Auction. That is $600  month from August to March. Of course, no matter how much we screamed and complained, we never got one cent back, nor did the downstairs neighbor. They probably knew we wouldn't have the money for a lawyer. Gotta love these companies that prey on people. Just ask around Pittsburgh. Most people know of this company and the first thing out of their mouths are: "Please tell me you're not renting from those slum-lords.".
I had the worst experience with those people last year...i had bed bugs in the apartment (702 james street)...we were complaining...and the guy called bruce didn't even listen ....when i left the apartment...i cleaned everything, but he did not give me all the deposit back...saying that he payed somebody to clean it(bulshit). And he charged me  for taking off some portraits off the wall that i left there...but he did not do that cause i still can see the portraits  from east ohio street (layer)...the worst unprofessional real estat company...
My family and I visited the museum today. We spent $100 on admission & parking for 4 adults and 3 kids. I was disappointed that their website boasts that it's for kids of all ages, and yet, my kids, ages 9, 11 and 13 were bored. Most all of the activities were physically set up for small children: water tables, art tables, as well as buttons, controls, etc were too low for my kids to enjoy without feeling like they were "babyish". If they are going to advertise for all ages, I feel they need to make sure they have things that interest every age, not just 2 to 6 year olds.  Also, I was disappointed that there were no signs explaining the science behind the exhibits. How could they say they do school field trips when there is no explanation of what is being learned? We will not be back. We feel like our money was wasted.
Don't risk it. Never open when you need it, unreliable availability with his products. He offered to reserve some for me until it was done cooking and then when I returned on time he had already sold it. I was excited to try it for the first time but won't waste my effort in the future if this is how customer service is handled. There are other BBQ places that actually have food to serve.
1 star for your cover-2 defense that lost me $100 on the Super Bowl.  I thought yall were going to shut down Fitzgerald.  You disappointed me.  Wouldn't have mattered if that Big Ben TD didn't get called back and turned into a field goal, but damn your cover-2 D that let Fitz run wild on yall.  National Fixed League on them spread busters.  Vegas owns the NFL!  Sheiiit!!!
It's cathartic to give this sorry organization 1 star.  Note: this is a review of the baseball club, not the stadium in which they play
Ugh!  Another losing season.  WTF man, weren't we in first place at the All-Star Break?  What happened?  I wasn't expecting a World Series Champ or even a Pennant winner.  But was a winning season too much to ask for?  This marks the 20th anniversary since the Pirates' last winning season.  That's right folks--it's been since 1992.  Let's take a look at the world of 1992.  BASEBALL:  The Pirates' roster that year included Stan Belinda, Doug Drabek, Zane Smith, Denny Neagle, Jay Bell, Orlando Merced, Andy Van Slyke, and of course Barry Bonds.  All have since retired.  The only new ballparks were New Comiskey Park (now U.S. Cellular Field) and Camden Yards.  No stadiums had corporate names.  The Arizona Diamondbacks, the Colorado Rockies, the Miami Marlins, and the Tampa Bay (Devil) Rays didn't exist.  The Washington Nationals were the Montreal Expos.  The Milwaukee Brewers were in the AL.  Both the NL and the AL only had two divisions each.  The minor league Washington Wild Things didn't exist either and nor did their league.  KBL was the big cable sports channel.  TV:  "Saturday NIght Live's" cast included Dana Carvey, Ellen Cleghorne, Chris Farley, Tim Meadows, Mike Myers, Kevin Nealon, Phil Hartman,  Chris Rock, Adam Sandler, Rob Schneider, and David Spade.  "Seinfeld" hadn't become a huge hit yet and no one knew Kramer's first name.  Monday nights on NBC included "Murphy Brown", "Evening Shade" and " Northern Exposure".  MOVIES:  The top movies included "Lethal Weapon 3", "Basic Instinct", "Hone Alone 2", "The Bodyguard" and "Aladdin".  When you wanted to watch movies at home, you had to rent them from the video store and you watched them on VHS tapes or laserdiscs.    MUSIC:  Bruce Springsteen released "Lucky Town" and "Human Touch"  on the same day.  R.E.M. had "Automatic for the People".  Gin Blossoms released their first album "New Miserable Experience", which stayed on the charts for almost two years.  Bare Naked Ladies "Gordon" featured the cult classic "If I Had a Million Dollars."  You either listened to albums on cassette or CD and you bought them at record stores like National Record Mart.  Doug Hopkins (Gin Blossoms), Kurt Cobain (Nirvana), Shannon Hoon (Bline Melon) and Jerry Garcia (Grateful Dead) were all alive.  TECHNOLOGY:  Few people had internet access.  You also used pay phones because you didn't have a cell phone.  You watched movies on a VCR.  You met up with your friends without texting them.  You ordered merchandise by "sending in" or by calling an "800" number.  You had to buy tickets by waiting in line.    And OJ Simpson was still a football hero.  So that's it, Pittsburgh Pirates.  I feel like telling you I'm done with you guys.  I'm no fair weather fan, but 20+ years of losing is enough.
I was raised Catholic (but no longer practice), and have always been fascinated by relics and the stories of saints--so I was really looking forward to our tour of St Anthony's. BEWARE: I can't speak for their other guides, but the gentleman (a lay person, not a priest) who "led" ours was far more interested in haranguing the crowd on the nature of TRUE believers, the infallibility of the Catholic faith, and whether we'd all found our "charisms" - the gifts we needed to be using if we were going to be saints, too--than showing us any relics. After an hour of his sermon--and nary a single fact about the hundreds of relics that surrounded us--we left. What a disappointment. What a huckster.
So, this is what happened.  I went their complaining about a possible over heating and requesting a change of oil. This was my first visit there. They topped off my coolant for free and changed my oil. I had a check engine light on for which I knew the code and was holding off on repairing it.   They charged me $20 for reading the check engine light code and turning it off. I didn't want that. I pointed this out on the bill and he said that, its fine, I can just pay for the oil change (~$42). He asked me if I had $42 cash on me. If I did, I could have paid and left a happy customer. But I didn't, so I gave him my card and he went in the back and swiped it for the full price ($42 + $20 + tax). When I was signing the transaction receipt, I told him that he swiped for the full price. This apparently pissed him off a lot, he very rudely handed $20 from his pocket and asked me to "Get out of there" - and walked out. I tried to talk to him and explain my reason of asking - it not being the matter of $20 but of the principle that he said he wasn't going to charge me for what I didn't want. But he wouldn't listen, was very rude and said "You're Done" and "Get out" more times. I left.   I ain't going back where they treat customers like that.
Nick's used to be good with the previous owner, that all changed. Which is pretty sad.
This place seriously just took my order for delivery, charged my card taking my last $15 (hard times) only to call me back 30 minutes later saying they don't deliver to my street!!!! So my son and I won't eat tonight because these idiots can't properly train their staff by having a list of 'do not deliver to ' streets!!!  Thanks wise guys!!!  I'm literally in tears wondering how I'm going to feed my kid tonight...
There pizza never tastes the same Also if you order a salad always ask for dressing because they will not offer any. There are other better pizza places in the area.
I remember going here when I was a little kid to celebrate my grandparents' 50th wedding anniversary.  I thought this place was "fancy" of so many years ago and I remember going out back to play in the nearby park and I also thought that was really cool.  When I moved to Pittsburgh, I moved to Brighton Heights where Miller's is located but I only went once a few years ago and it was just ok.  I decided to give it another shot the other night and I really regret it.  I ordered the fried fish sandwich and even though it was crisp on the outside to the point of being somewhat burnt yet the inside was cold and the fish just had a weird texture like maybe it was freezer burnt or really old.  The place is dingy and poorly lite, it looks dirty and the overall experience was just downright unpleasant.  No, just no.  That is all.
Ordered a lg pizza for pick up, 30-40 min wait. Went to pick up my pizza and I arrived to have no pizza at all. They told a driver must have taken by accident. The skinny, is it took an hour for a new pizza, and they offered me nothing
Terrible. I lived about 2 blocks away - and with no other options - I still can't bring myself to order from here. Ordered twice in the last 90 days and both times it was terrible. Ended up waiting over an hour each time. First time I got home to find a totally different order; the send time waited over 1.5 hrs for a pizza. Both were crappy, at best. Staff was really rude both times.
I really loved the food and some of the employees. But WOW did that manager make a mistake speaking to me the way he did over a 1.5 hour delivered pizza ( I live 7 blocks) with unmelted cheese and wings with no sauce. " heat up your pizza and I'll bring some sauce down in an hour " not the response a customer ever wants to hear. It's a shame. All it would have take n was a new pizza and wings. $20 a week plus gone from them.
Had luck with Chubbies first time, fairly quick delivery, better-than-average pizza,slightly overpriced for the quality. , the second time I ordered from Chubby s  I wanted to take a few pizzas to work with me for a night shift. I called with an hour of advance notice. When I got there they had only made one of the two pizzas that I ordered so they threw together the second one gave it to me undercooked and through a handful of cheese on top of the first one that they made that was over an hour old and ran it through the oven so there was new melted cheese over top of a burnt pizza. When I call to complain I was put on hold then promptly hung up on. I would recommend Chubbies if your regular pizza place in Brighton Heights is too busy or has a long wait, but from my experience it's a 50-50 shot whether you're going to get a decent pizza or not.
I was at a friends house and we decided to order a pizza.  The woman who answered my friends call was very rude (I know this because I was on speaker).  She claimed they didn't deliver to his address which was 1 mile away.  I live over 2 miles from the store and never had an issue with delivery.  The woman eventually hung up on my friend.  He called back and she got defensive.  She hung up on him once again.  Remember, the call was on speaker so I overheard both sides.  My friend was not rude, not disrespectful, just looking to order food.  I will never order from this place again.  Customer service is what owning a business is all about.  This woman should be fired.  You lost many customers because I've shared my experience with several others who've ordered from this establishment.
We ordered delivery and we live around the corner. It came cold and the sauce tasted a year old from a plastic Rubbermaid container. The meatball sub was bitter and gamey. Never again. Ever.
Very unprofessional. Hard to contact. Walked off the job and all the work completed was not done properly. The crew was also very unprofessional. I don't even think that they were licensed. I think that the crew was just some amatuer laborer that Hancock hired to do the job.  Also, alcohol in the air here too. I was shocked to see what is happening to the work they completed. They will not return to fix the problem or return the money that was paid for it.
Awful workmanship.  Nothing in accordance with specs.  Took my money.  I wasn't the only one.  Check BBB.  Very disappointed.
Original post written September 2015 - I don't recommend this company. Poor quality work. They put in my new floors prior to painting, then splattered paint all over them, installed the new pipes for my clawfoot tub so close to the wall that I couldn't fit a baseboard behind it, workers smoked inside while doing the work, and never cleaned up after themselves. I walked in once while my bedroom was being painted and they had not washed the walls and were just rolling the paint over dirt and cobwebs. These are just a handful of examples of the issues I have had. At the time of this posting we have now gone almost a month past the contract end date, and it's dragging on. Talk to other contractors in the area and they will let you know this company's reputation. I wish I had. One positive: they stayed within my budget, but at what cost to my sanity and quality of work? I would never use them again. ***Update: June 2016 - They still have not installed the final window they were supposed to. It's a custom window they had to order and according to the window company is still sitting at their warehouse. Every few weeks I try to call or text John to ask when they'll be putting it in, but never hear back.
I cant believe I requested a snail mail menu so my building could decide on a new caterer for our lunches and dinners and received 0 our tenant council is still looking for a new caterer since another Disastrous thanksgiving dinner w another caterer.! I cant believe no menu requested even gave you my phone# & address and 1 month 0 thank you for 0 and I will tell council not to use you since we didn't get menu w prices or foods. This job would of been for every holidays that we have lunches or dinners
Very disappointed. Delivery was late, our gyros were cold and fries were soggy. I wont be ordering from here again.
This was probably the worst Gyro I have ever had.  Even the frozen ones sold in supermarkets are better than this.  Extremely dry, tasteless, and obviously not fresh as I watched the woman cut from the very top of the thin spindly piece of meat left and then microwave it before serving me.  I will never go back to this place nor will I recommend it.   Stay away, Gross and distasteful
Stopped in for an oil change and they told me they couldn't open the hood. Went up the road to Jifffy Lube and they had no problem opening the hood and gave me a discount. Sorry Pennzoil, i think you lost a customer.
Another patron decided out of the blue that I had stolen from her and started physically attacking me. The staff completely ignored it. I had to literally run out the front door and call the police from another bar to get my stuff back.   I had been going to this bar for twelve years on and off before that happened. Never again. This is a gathering place for human garbage anymore.
To the owner of this cute little shop -   I pass your little shop twice a day on my way to and from work and was super excited to finally get the chance to go in and purchase some items I have seen through the windows as well as other potential items I may have found. As I entered the shop, I was asked to leave my purse at the counter. Check my purse, yes, but leave my purse with complete strangers? I don't think so.   I am entitled not to be made to feel as a potential thief before I've even made it through the doors. I work in the industry as well and know that before you can accuse someone of stealing, you'd better know for sure that they have pocketed or stolen something or you can face a potential lawsuit. While I understand as a company, you are entitled to your policies and this may be your way of avoiding potential thieves, I am entitled to shop where I can hold onto my wallet with which carries the money I would have spent in your store today.
Had a friend who went here. REALLY BAD experience
I had an appointment there, showed up, and the hair dresser didn't even show up! The owner is the one who took my appointment. Somehow it got lost? They are a hot mess. I will never go here again!
I came in tonight ready to buy a bike.  In fact, I called to see if they had the specific bike I was looking for.  There were plenty of workers there, and I waited around for ten minutes before I left.  I was really disappointed.  It was only when I was leaving when a guy asked me if I needed help.  Maybe it was because I am a woman?  The only people getting help in there tonight were two other guys.  What a terrible experience.  I'm glad I took my money elsewhere.
Racism at it's finest.  The owner refuses to take care of black people. I was appalled when I witnessed that myself. I'll never go there again.
I had an ugly haircut. For $60 with the owner. Trusted the reviews, but now look like a 70s rock star.  No hair on the sides and long on the back!
I had previously written a positive review of Karen at this salon, but now must change it as my most recent experience turned in to a nightmare. A few months back, after reading great reviews of her work, I went to her for a haircut. I was very pleased, so I went back for highlights and a trim. This time around I am extremely upset. Karen left the color on my hair way too long. And my request for a trimming of my ends turned into very short layers in the front going back past my ears and long in the back. Think Carol Brady of the Brady Bunch. She also thinned my hair out, which I absolutely hate because my hair is already very thin. Now I have frizzy, uneven ends that stick out at all different lenghts. There are also bleed marks of color noticeable in the hair line. The worst of it is the damage caused by being over processed. I have severe breakage everywhere especially at the top. I now have a ton of hairs sticking up at the top of my head and my hair over all looks frizzy and fried. It continues to break. I went and showed Sergio the owner who laughed when he saw it saying it was new hair growth, not breakage. Even after I explained that it was not like that until after my hair was done at his salon he stuck to his guns. I would like to say that I am only disappointed by what's happened. But I am very upset. Every girl knows what it feels like to have a bad experience at the salon. Now I have an appointment at another salon and have to pay more money to fix the color, which is very brassy, the highlights that bled and cut after already paying over $150 for the mess I am now left lift.  I very much regret ever trying this salon.
I made an appointment at Sergios after hearing good things from acquaintances. I made the appointment specifically to get extensions cut into my hair. When I made an appointment the week before, the receptionist said they don't usually cut extensions they don't put in but that, after asking someone at the salon they could for me. I made the appointment for 6pm. They called at 1:17 asking why I hadn't shown up for a 1 pm appointment. I told them it was for 6 and they said they were sorry and were able to accommodate me at 6. When  I arrived, I was seated quickly and greeted by a stylist. She said are you here for your cut and color? I explained that no, I had made the appointment only to have extensions cut in. She excused herself and spoke with the owner, Sergio. When she returned a few minutes later she explained that they would not be cutting my hair as they do not cut extensions they don't put in and if I didn't like the cut they'd have to pay for more extensions. I even offered to sign a liability waiver but they refused. So basically, I wasted time getting off work early to come to a salon that refused the service they scheduled me for. What a complete waste of time. If you don't do something make sure all your staff knows that. It's a shame to get this bad review because you dont have the confidance i your staff to do a proper hair cut
I was looking for a new salon and I tried to book an appointment with Sergio. I was told I need to leave my credit card number with them or a cash deposit. NO WHERE EVER have I been asked to leave my payment information with a salon just to BOOK an appointment. They told me it was it was because I was booking with the owner. I've had appointments with salon owners and NEVER had to leave payment info. They told me that if I didn't show up for my appointment they would bill me 50% of the services. Why would you assume someone wouldn't show up to an appointment right off the bat??? I could understand if I was an existing unreliable client that you would require that. Some of us aren't from a ghetto and actually grew up with some tact and class and the ability to show up to an appointment and or reschedule if there is a conflict. Ridiculousness... I'll take my business elsewhere.
This was my second visit and alas, my last.   Our first visit was at lunch and it was just OK. We weren't blown away nor were we impressed. But I will always opt to support a local Mom & Pop shop if all things are equal. This last visit was the pits.  It was 5:30pm on a Saturday night. We were one of two tables. This is usually an indication of something fishy (excuse the pun.) Appetizer was edamame. It was overcooked and left uneaten. I am not the adventurous sushi order-er; I had California rolls and spicy tuna. The tuna rolls were mostly spicy sauce then fish, very mayonnaise-y and unsatisfying. As for my CA rolls, the avocado was all brown! Not just the parts on the top (because I checked!) all the way through. When I brought it to the staff's attention her response was "Oh, yea. Avocado is like banana. They get brown very easily and we cut that yesterday." WHAT?!? They did bring me another batch (that was part brown, part green) but it was too late. This was my first sushi restaurant EVER that we left half the rolls on the plate uneaten. Since we were all still hungry, my daughter picked up the table tent listing all the desserts. Yuck! Filthy. Not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever. When I set it back is when I noticed the wall also needed a good wipe down. Needless to say, we skipped dessert.   Our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1.
Horrible food. It's hard to get a good Chinese restaurant around Pittsburgh. I wouldn't recommend to my dog
Person on the taking orders was rude when I called back with a problem. Then I was told I have to deal with it. After so.e back and forth they finally agreed to give me another dish but still not what I ordered. This place has ok food and bad customer service. Don't go order.
Vasta went down hill since the 90's....... They need to attract a different kind of crowd They need to change things up a lot.......  If you want any idea's hit me up I could give your business many ideas how to flip your business around. Hit me up tiffanyshousekeeping@yahoo.com
TERRIBLE. Keep in mind that the entire experience below took less than five minutes...  I recently had a consultation with Dr. Karnavas for a new retainer. My mouth is very small and my bite is very tight, so I am unable to use standard impression trays to have molds made of my teeth. (I know this after visiting King Orthodontics earlier in the year and having no luck with even his smallest/pediatric trays.) Therefore, before I went to Karnavas' office, I purchased a bunch of foam fluoride trays that dentists use for her to JUST TRY. I understood they might not work, but I figured there was no harm in trying. Apparently, Karnavas DOES NOT POSSESS THE ABILITY TO TRY and help her patients NOR DOES SHE POSSESS ANY PROBLEM-SOLVING SKILLS WHATSOEVER.  Upon entering the exam room, I explained to Karnavas my situation, and, before even seeing the foam trays, she immediately told me they wouldn't work because they were too shallow. A valid point had she maybe LOOKED AT THE TRAYS or LOOKED IN MY MOUTH at all. Oh, did I forget to mention that she DID NOT ONCE ASK TO EXAMINE MY TEETH? NOT ONCE did she expresses ANY interest in examining my mouth, which was SHOCKING since King Orthodontics had done a full consult with me that included an exam, photos, X-rays, etc. (BTW, the people at King are fantastic; I just didn't have foam trays back when I saw them.)   Repeatedly I tried to explain that conventional impression trays wouldn't fit into my very small mouth and asked if we could please just TRY the foam tray? No. SHE REFUSED.   I then asked what she suggested that I do, and she told me that it was "up to me." "Up to me" except that she repeatedly negated my idea of what I wanted to try. WHAT KIND OF PROFESSIONAL leaves diagnosis and problem-solving up to the PATIENT?! A COMPLETELY CLUELESS ONE, that's what kind. I even asked to see her smallest impression tray, but she skirted around that as well and I never did get to see any of her equipment.   Finally I became so exasperated that I told her it didn't make sense for me to waste her supplies and time (because CLEARLY I WAS WASTING HER TIME) trying to do something that's been proven not to work. She simply said "OK" and walked out of the room.  One final thing that I thought was really odd and extremely uninviting: Karnavas kept her mask on the entire meeting. Meaning, I NEVER saw her full face. She had it on when she entered the room, when I introduced myself to her (SHE DID NOT INTRODUCE HERSELF), and when she was talking to me. STRANGE, considering (again) that SHE NEVER EXAMINED MY MOUTH.   So, to recap: - Lacks problem-solving skills and the ability to try - Clueless - Lazy - Extremely impersonal and uninviting  Or maybe I'm wrong. Maybe she's just disinterested in helping 30-year-old women in wheelchairs that offer to pay out of pocket.
Read my first review... loved this place... Today I stopped in to look around,my niece was with me and I remembered that they had help wanted postings somewhere.. she inquired and the teenage girl behind the counter was SO rude, full on glaring and rolling of the eyes! NO JOKE. I wish that the manager had been in but hopefully she keeps track and knows what her counter staff is like when she is gone! I will go to party Cake shop from here on...There are too many great places to put up with attitude!
Like frozen cake? How about horrible customer service? If so Potomac is the horrible place for your next event...  Long time customer and disappointed to say will not buy from them again. Bought a specialty cake for pick-up over the weekend for my 3yr. old son's birthday. Went to cut the cake for the birthday party and it was frozen in the middle. I called to let them know and they told me they would have a manager call me on Monday and there was nothing they could do for me that day since they didn't have any other cakes unfrozen. Not the end of the world I thought and we would just have to eat the cake the next day. Then about 15 minutes later received a phone call back from Potomac telling me I had to return the uneaten portions of the cake and get a partial refund- I was floored. They messed up here not having my cake ready yet I had to return the cake for a PARTIAL refund for what wasn't eaten??? Absolutely horrible way to treat a customer when they were the ones in error. I explained that I disagreed with this policy and they should be making an effort to correct the situation of sending me a cake that wasn't ready, they explained that this was their policy and were not willing to work with me.   I expected a call Monday from management apologizing for their staff handling the situation incorrectly but never was called. Apparently they feel that frozen cakes are acceptable for events. Sad part is that I have always loved their cakes and pastries but based on their views towards their customers will NOT be going back.  Thanks for the disappointment to me and my son!
This place is the worst motel I have ever stayed. Do NOT stay here!!!!
This was the worst hotel that I ever stayed in. my hubby and I  took the smoking room and it stunk sooo bad that I wanted to throw up. I was afraid to sleep in that nasty bed. in the morning at 5am I wanted to leave the room cuz smell was sooo gross that woke me up! I felt so dirty that I took two showers AT Other HOTEL. I never thought that I will have nightmares bcz of bad and stinky hotel.
I've never been to Pittsburgh before and I planned on doing some heavy partying and needed a place to crash that was not on the floor so I booked this hotel the day before I drove up. I saw the reviews & ignored them because I figured I'd be drunk and happy enough to dive into a bed.  I checked in around 2am, the girl who checked me in barely said anything to me besides "initial here and sign here and your room is over there". The room smelt like hot dogs, the AC wasn't working at all so I was dripping in sweat all night, none of the lamps worked at all, there were holes in the pillow cases and bedding, there was a tiny blood stain on the sheet, I went down for the continental breakfast at 9:30am (it ends at 10am) and they already stopped serving, the shower was ice cold. I then checked for bed bugs after realizing the shithole I spent the night in last night (coast is clear). I checked out and went back to Baltimore, which seems like heaven on earth compared to Shittsburgh.
BED BUGS!!! Horrible place! DO NOT STAY HERE!! Stayed here for a wedding we attended. Woke up in the middle of the night with bites all over my legs, arms, and back. We flip a pillow over and there it was. BED BUGS. We had to cut our trip short. The man at the front desk apologized and gave us the managers name and number and told us to call back later that morning. We have been calling since 8/10 and have yet to receive a call back. Such disrespect. We risk bringing back bed bugs and spending hundreds on extermination fees and no has the decency to call back.
What a dump! I booked this room for one night for a place to stay after a Pirates game. It's dirty and weird. Our room is big but it's fills with furniture salvaged for garage sales. The free breakfast is as bad as it gets. (Old cereal and bread.) The bed was hard and here is the best part. A rhythmic thumb, thumb, thumb woke me up at 7:30. The whole room shook. I'll called the front desk and they said it was somebody running in the exercise room. This when on for exactly 45 minute. (Impressive cardiovascular stamina) What else...the pool is in a green house, everything is dirty, there is a weird quartet sitting in the lobby at 1:00 AM just talking...?
I've stayed at Day's Inn hotels before, so this was my first rather unpleasant experience with them. I arrived late at night & when I checked into my room, the hot air was blasting. I lowered the temp, but it took about 30 minutes for the heating/cooling unit to make the temp adjustment. In the meantime, I returned to my car to retrieve the rest of my luggage. When I returned, the room was cooler, and now I was able to smell the most powerfully moldy smell I've ever experienced in a hotel ever. I was completely exhausted from the long drive and just passed out. In the morning, I woke up with a horribly scratchy sore throat and swollen lymph nodes. Plus the "non-smoking" room had obviously had smokers and pets there previously. I moved to another room the following morning, which was much better, but the overall feel of the hotel was rather low class & skanky.
We stayed here while on business. I wish we had booked somewhere else. The staff here is incredibly rude, lazy and completely incapable of caring about customer service.
The rooms are filthy with mold. There is so much mold congealed near the A/C units and around the perimeter of the rooms. We got 3 rooms and all had the same issues. The front desk hostess was nice, and helpful. The cleaning staff i presume doesn't exist. Stay here for an inexpensive night close to downtown but don't stay here for more than that, especially if you're not concerned with monies.
Never go here the fire extinguisher glass is broken and does not appear to be clean up someone could cut themselves two outlets in my room did not work the breakfast is just cereal if you want toast don't bother the toaster is broken
From reading other reviews and dining guides, it looks like this is very much a hit or miss place. Either you love pizza with toppings thrown on after cooking, or you don't. I fall into the later category: I didn't like it at all.  I ordered a slice of cheese pizza and a grilled chicken salad. For the pizza, the crust was salvageable after I pushed aside a good quantity of cheese (most of it). The salad was...nothing short of horrific. Overloaded with fries and (big surprise) more cheese, getting to the lettuce and other toppings took some digging. Eventually, I found bland tomatoes and shredded iceberg lettuce hidden far below.  I don't get this place.
This was just bad pizza.  For the money I expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza.  The cheese and pepparoni were added after the crust came out.  Also the mushrooms were out of a can.  Do not waste money here.
This "pizza" was the worst food I have ever eaten.
No way. A ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza? No no no. No beer either.
I knew the original owner of Beto's and she would be furious for what is being done to it, now.  If the pizza slice gets any smaller, you'll have to call it a breadstick.  There was almost NO meat, on my Italian hoagie, which used to be the best around.  Whoever recently took over, should be ASHAMED.  Betos now STINKS.
Worse than store freezer pizza. What with the cold cheese on top of hot pizza? Terrible. If you want quality; Fiori's is a few miles away.
Ok, so the gimmick is cold cheese and toppings on freshly cooked dough and sauce.   It doesn't work.  I get the same effect from a microwave pizza that wasn't in long enough. Also, if you are going to serve your food this way (unfinished), at least have the decency to use quality ingredients. I'm quite certain the pepperoni was of the Hormel variety.   I don't understand why you would spend your money on a low quality, unfinished pizza when there are SO many better options in the area.  However, based on the amount of business they were doing you may want to give it a try. I for one will not be returning...
We are from out of town and heard this place had good pizza. I decided to call and order a pizza, so asked about what kind of sizes, type of crust and if they do white pizza. The guy told me he only had pizza crust and red sauce and since I was asking for a different type of pizza, that this wasn't the right pizza place for me. He told me I wouldn't want to order from them and hung up the phone. Not sure if it was because if my Hispanic accent or what but he was extremely rude and didn't even give me a chance to order or ask. I would have been perfectly fine with a red sauce, regular pizza crust with cheese and pepperoni but he wouldn't even take my order. I was just trying to ask. Rude. Very!
If I could rate it zero stars I would. Their pizza is nothing more than a glorified "Lunchable". That was my son's description, and it was spot on. I can't understand how this place stays in business. I have eaten pizza in Italy, so I know good pizza, and this is not even pizza!!! It's a thick cracker like dough with canned sauce (tastes like that) and COLD cheese covering everything. JUST AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I disliked the cold cheese and cold pepperoni on so so crust. Obviously many people like it.  I went out of my way to go there, and had heard of the cold cheese gimmick. Not my cup of tea...just a heads up if you go there to compare to other pizzerias.  Not comparable to the other top ten pizza joints in Pittsburgh.
Gotta say this place is HUGELY overrated.  Girls working there were just plain rude and in need of a serious attitude adjustment. You work at a pizza restaurant, you're gonna be busy on a Saturday night, get over it or find another job. I did it myself when I worked at a pizza shop years ago. The pizza itself is ok at best.  There's absolutely no organization in the dining area, pretty much a free for all for a table. Even if they had 1 person to clean tables and seat people, would make it much better to eat in. And to me, it seems like there were more than enough people to accomplish that during the busiest hours. A few  minor changes would have me coming back, and I'm guessing many others. Or they just don't care because they're gonna b busy either way.
Don't know what I just ate but 10 minutes after consuming what I thought was pizza, heart burn is kicking in strong. Wouldn't recommend.
-- PLEASE READ MY REVIEW BEFORE CONSIDERING THEM FOR STATE INSPECTION -- I have a 1999 Nissan Sentra and I went to these guys a week before my inspection expiry date, after reading these google reviews. I drive this car almost regularly, so I know that the front axle is making a bit of creaking sound due to rust issues. I gave them my car at the end of the day (around 4 pm) for inspection and until 15 mins before they close (which is 7 pm), they never bothered me to call.   I called them up to inquire what's the status. They said "Sir - we were going to all you and wanted to inform you that you have to do some work on the car in order to pass the inspection." When I asked them what all things need to be done and how much that amounted to, they said "..... and it's coming to $1300 .. oh no, just a moment, its $1203.65 incl of taxes." I almost jumped out of my window, as none of my previous mechanics told me any issues with the car.  I was so worried that I made an appointment with one of trusted mechanics, but wanted to sell of my car because of this huge cost (my mistake). Somehow, I waited for my mechanic to give me an appointment and when I took it to them, they passed the inspection like nothing ever happened to my car (as usual).  They gave me estimates as below:- 1. Inner tie rod end (left inner) - $89.99 (Actual price on rock auto is $7.65) 2. Inner tie rod end (right inner) - $89.99 (Actual price on rock auto is $7.65) 3. Left CV Complete Assembly - $159.99 (Actual price on rock auto is $50.99) 4. Right CV Complete Assembly - $159.99 (Actual price on rock auto is $50.99)  Bottomline - Please think twice before going to these guys, because they are no less than car showroom dealers. They will charge you less for inspection in Pittsburgh, but come up with this huge list of repairs. I believe they are totally fraud to take that $40 out of your pocket for no reason and won't even do the inspection properly.
Terrible experience! I had an appointment for an inspection but still waited a loooong time. They strongly suggested services that I didn't actually need (cleaning brakes!?) and we're pushy about extra services (lifetime alignment). Stay away unless you're just buying tires!
Very disappointed with this dry cleaner. Had a small hole in a set of pants by a belt buckle. Came back with hand stitches that were messy and very noticeable. Definitely not worth the expensive prices.
I've never, EVER experienced such poor customer service before at any beer distributor.  Yes, I called them and asked for a price on ordering a case of import beer.  When they called me back with the price, I decilned purchase.  I was talking at the same time to another distributor who was doing a lot more leg work for me tracking down the supply chain.  When he informed me he could have a case shipped to wherever I bought my beer, I gave him Banksville Beer's name thinking I was giving them some extra business.  I don't normally get my beer from there.  When I stopped into Banksville to pick it up, a person who I assume was the owner got immediately defensive with me, raised his voice saying "You told me you didn't want it."  I tried to explain what had happened, but he continuously interupted me with a constantly rising voice level barely allowing me to get a word in.  He claimed he did not speak to the guy I had spoken to, which was obviously a lie since he referred specifically to "that person you (meaning me) talked to."  I finally had to cut him off and say, "Listen, do you have the case here or not?"  He said they did not, so I left.  I can understand his frustration if what I did caused him any loss or inconveneince, but he did not need to take the majorly unprofessional approach that he did.  I honestly had no idea that I did anything wrong, and on the contrary thought I had actually done them a favor.  Had he explained the circumstance, it would have been no harm, no foul and lesson learned.  And I just would have asked them to order me a case straight out and would have returned for more cases to be orderd in the future.  But because of that reaction, I will NEVER step foot in there again under any circumstance.  No beer is worth dealing with a world class A-hole like that.
Small dark not very opening or friendly place. Will not be returning. The floor is dirty. The bathrooms are small tgey stink and the lock is broken on the womans side. No food offered. Maybe u have to ask. I got a vodka cran and it was watered down. The only good thing was free parking out back.
Living in Dormont for 6 months I always wanted to see the inside. Hadn't even read the reviews beforehand.  It was Karaoke tonight, not my fav but whatever. I left work at 1am, just wanted a last call round before heading to bed. The bar waitress, cute as a button didn't even acknowledge us 40's & 60's yrs old sat down and ate pizza instead of asking us if we wanted a drink.  Was you drinking behind the bar honey or were you just distracted by your friends? We only walked into a bar to have a cocktail, guess not in this place.
Mediocre and poorly made! You can get better quality food from Mcdonalds don't waste your time or money
I would give this eat n park location zero stars if I could. I arrived at 11:15am and was seated quickly but that was about it. My waitress did not come over until 11:41. I did not receive water or any service for 26 minutes.  That is outrageous to me, I've never had anything good to say about this location and will not be visiting again.
My experience here was not good my family and I were seated all the way in the back of the Resturant near an exit after passing at least six tables upfront. We were the ONLY African Americans in the restaurants not even one as a busboy we had some stares but no one was rude just very quiet . The waitress tried to make us feel welcome so we thank her for that but the feeling was uneasy and on top of all that, the food wasn't good it lacked lots of flavor  I wouldn't recommend this spot to anyone keep driving
Don't waste your time. Incorrect orders are the norm. It's fairly disgusting (sticky tables, trash everywhere). The last time we stopped in there were seven people working...but maybe actually three doing work. The other four were checking their cellphones or standing around talking. There is one young girl there who works her ass off but the rest contribute to the chaos.
This store will not let you photograph their lighting fixtures. We browsed for a while and found a chandelier we liked, and my husband took a picture of it on his cell phone. The salesclerk told us that was not allowed. We were dumbfounded. We are renovating a house and need a number of light fixtures, plumbing fixtures, etc.-- the only way we can keep track of them all (and check if they actually might look good together) is to photograph everything we're seriously considering. We tried to explain this and the clerk said nope, not allowed. We asked why. She said, "I don't know-- they just don't allow it." Well I bet I know-- they don't want you going online in search of better pricing. But hey, NEWSFLASH-- that's how things work in 2012. I'm not going to drop $1,200 on a chandelier without looking it up online. (For the record, I understand that local businesses aren't usually going to have the lowest price available. I don't mind paying a bit of a premium to support a small business in Pittsburgh that gave me great in-person service. But like hell am I going to spend that kind of money without making sure I'm not getting completely ripped off.)  We tried to press further, though-- what about matching finishes or colors to other fixtures? The salesclerk said, "Oh, people just tell us what colors they have in their room and how big the room is and we tell them what works." I'm sorry, but unless you're omniscient, this is not acceptable.   The most insulting thing, though, is the clerk telling us "I don't know" about a policy that's so clearly the exception to the local norm. If you're going to have a ridiculous, anachronistic rule, at least have the guts to explain why to customers when they ask.
If I could give this place less than one star I would. I recently bought a lamp here which yes, is very pretty.. But the customer service is by far the worst I have ever experienced. I should have known not to buy a lamp here as the one saleswoman was extremely pushy and followed me all around the store the entire time and kept trying to sell me a $400 lamp. As soon as I got home I was unwrapping the lamp shade and noticed that it was cracked. I called immediately and explained that I had received a flawed product. They assured me they would order a new shade and it would come in within 7 days and they would call to let me know when it came in. Needless to say it's been two weeks now and no one has called me about it. I have now called 4 times and every person I've spoken to tries to shuttle me off the phone immediately without explanation. The last conversation I had was with a woman who worked there who told me "she was just a worker and couldn't help me with what I wanted". I bought a lamp from there for a few hundred dollars, they sent me home with a broken lamp, they told me they would call and they still haven't and now they act like they have no idea who I am, and the employee tells me she can't help me? I would never give these people my money again. You can find equally nice things at a different store for a better price with people that actually respect you.
The stuff that this store has are definitely nice (the majority of them).  However, when you buy a lamb that will cost at least a couple of hundreds you expect to get also an equally impressive service. This is by far not true in this store.  The service is rather incompetent.  Not only they try to oversell to you but they also do not respect their customers.  Actually, while we walked into the store, I was surprised to hear one of the ladies working there asking another customer to pay upfront before doing the required changes to the lamb they had asked for (as if the customer would leave without getting the lamb he went there for).  I thought this was weird but I ignored it; maybe I should have gotten the single and left the store.  In my case, while we bought a lamp the lady asked us whether we wanted one of their "super-duper" light bulbs that will last forever.  We said no it is fine, since we literally have about 50 light bulbs at home.  To our surprise when we went home we found that there was a light bulb in the box they gave us, which was also apparently charged ($20).  On top of that, when we tried to use this super light bulb it was not a surprise that it was not functioning at all!  Definitely I will not be going back to this place.
Some of the food and drink items are overpriced.  After waiting forever to get served, my food turned out to be horrible and was sent back..this entire visit was a disappointment.  No reason to ever go back.
This place is another that is undeserving of your hard earned money!! The following is an email that I sent to the owner, it will shed a little light as to why I feel this way...I will also share his response, and what ultimately became of the situation. I know this one is long winded, but you should be forewarned about giving them your money!  I have been to your bar many times, and I have had both good and less than average experiences, but this past Saturday was terrible! My girlfriend and I came to have some dinner around 9 pm. We knew it would be crowded due to the Penguin game, and that wasn't a problem. When we arrived, there were no seats at the bar or tables available anywhere. We decided to have a beer and wait. After the game was over, some tables opened up so we sat in an empty booth in the back and waited. After about 5 minutes, a waitress came over, cleaned our table, and made notice of the fact that we still had drinks. Sadly, this was the last time that she ever came to our table. We placed our closed menus at the end of the table...nothing, we put our empty glasses at the end of the table with the menus...nothing. We sat and waited for more than 15 minutes. All the while we were waiting, another group of four sat the table next to us, they were never given any attention. They got up and left after being completely ignored. I understand that the restaurant was busy, and that service and wait times may be impacted, but the way we were treated (or lack of being treated) was appalling. It was especially annoying to watch the server that initially cleaned our table giggling and carrying on with two other booths that appeared to be friends with her on the other side of the dining room and then when she was done she just casually walked over to another empty table picked up something off of it and went into the kitchen without even taking a look around the dining room. At this point we were disgusted and got up and left, I was annoyed and made mention of how awful the service in the back was to the doorman. The waitresses in the back were terrible and seemed to have no sense of urgency or seem to care about most of the customers, with the exception of the few tables that they were more interested in socializing with. This seems to be a problem, because on some of my past less than stellar experiences, the disappointment was again with the service from the back servers. On those occasions it was the same thing, they seemed to be more interested in being social butterflies than providing any sort of service. You don't need to improve your wait staff, you need to replace some of them, at least the people working the back dining room on this past Saturday, they were completely useless! Will I come back to your restaurant, I'm not sure. The food is good, but I work hard for my money, and I expect to receive more than good food in exchange for it.   Sincerely,  Matt K.  Here is the response that I got  Please give me a call (412)555-1212 to discuss the matter. I'm sorry & will make every attempt to make sure this doesn't happen again. Thank you for making me aware of the situation. Joey DeMarco   I promptly called him as soon as I got this email. It went to voice mail , so I left a message. That was it, the guy didn't even have the decency to return my phone call. It is amazing that this is how business owners expect to keep people coming through their doors and handing over their hard earned money. Support local businesses, but make sure they are deserving of your money!
I ordered a burger and sweet potato fries, my burger was pink on the inside..not how I like to eat them.  Our waitress was initially very helpful and took it back to the kitchen to have them cook it longer for me.  25 minutes later my date had finished his meal and my fries were gone.  Our waitress never returned to let me know what was going on, when she did I ended up asking her to just box my burger up for me to go thinking I would eat it for lunch the next day.  When I re-heated the supposedly re-cooked burger the following day it was still pink on the inside.  So I am not sure what the kitchen had been doing for 25 minutes but it was not cooking my burger.  We will not be returning here!
From the moment we walked in I knew we were in for in for an interesting experience. Instead of being greeted with a smiling, friendly "Hi, welcome to cains" we were greeted with a frantically working, unhelpful, stressed out hostess who had no clue how to deal with the influx of people. We were there during a breakfast rush. When we walked in the hostess told us that it would be 45 minutes for the kitchen to prepare our food. Since we had known cains for their delicious breakfast, we thought the wait would be worth it. But an hour and fifteen minutes later we get our food. My Breakfast burrito tasted like nothing and a our food was cold. The only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts. Poor service, crappy food. Overall not the way a restaurant should be run.
I would give this place half a star if I could. The service was the most appalling I have ever experienced. We ordered sandwiches and fries and waited a FULL HOUR for our food. After 30 minutes of waiting we had to glad down our waitress to find out how much longer, she laughed it off and said there were three tickets in front of us still. Our veggie burgers and fries came out cold but by that point we wear starved and not about to send our precious food back to that black hole of a kitchen, where apparently time doesn't exist. The waitress gave us our check, stated that the manager would not do anything for us for the long wait and she "did what she could" and discounted $5 from our $55 bill. HA! We requested to speak with the manager who avoided us for 10 minutes before she came over and made excuses about it being busy and other people ordering specialty items. She continued to make excuses and said the best she would do is discount 10%. What a joke. I would never go back here if someone paid me.
Do not order steak or prime rib here.  The prime rib, ordered rare, was medium, dry and extremely salty.  The rib eye was thinly cut, salty and dry.  When I told the waitress, she said the chef said it should not have been and maybe I did something to it, like it was my fault.  I felt insulted.  The bill was $38.00 so it is pricey.  I was very disappointed and would not order anything but wings here.
Hi there...went with a group of five for brunch today and things started off well. Coffee...water...good fun. Then we ordered...three of our party received their orders within 15 minutes and liked their food.   The fourth got his about 30 minutes later and his food was terrible. Cold. Greasy. Stale.   The fifth, me, never received the short stack of pancakes and eggs I ordered. Bad service by the wait staff and manager...they checked in with me and left to figure out where my order went several times. Then they'd come back and ask what's wrong as if they forgot they were already tasked to find my order.   Cain's is usually a good place but this morning they dropped the ball...and apparently my pancakes and eggs.
Came for breakfast. Kim the "manager" was mean from the time we walked in the door.  We tried to sit at a table but she told us they had a big party coming. Then, she sat 2 small parties there.  90 minutes later, after those people had gotten food and eaten, we asked about our breakfast.  We were then told it would be ANOTHER 15 minutes.  Funny thing is, my friend had told me how horrible the service is and how mean the chick at the front acts.  We tried to give them the benefit of the doubt.  Bad idea.  This place is a bad idea all around. One star that belongs to the bald bartender.
Very disappointed in this place. The food was pretty good, I'll give them that....but the owner was inappropriate to say the least. He wouldn't leave my female friend alone and got extremely inappropriate with her to the point we were forced to leave bc she was uncomfortable with his never-ending inappropriateness. We are never going back.
I really wish I could give this shit hole a zero but I have to give something. First we get in at 7 pm and after where seated we wait a good 15 mins for our waiter to show up to take our beer orders. Another 15 mins later and still no beer, another 5 mins we finally get the beer and of course everyone's beer is flat. Another god damn 15 mins later still no beer or waitress to take our food order. Finally after about an hour we get set with our beers and food, our damn food is ice cold. At this point I'm fed up along with everyone else and we call over the manager. This little dick head comes over and starts yelling at the four of us saying we either have a choice to eat or get out. We were more than happy to get the hell out of there with the shitest service and cold ass food ever. The long and short of it is that if you want to have a even good or a sorta good experience at diner without being told by a manager that I should stop talking, do not ever go to this place. Never ever go to this place if you even want to have a meal, or a hot meal if I should say, because this place will bend you over, grab the broom by the handle and sweep your ass out the door with it.    I've never had someone esp a manager tell me to eat or get out. That's all I have to say.
I really can't believe this place is still open due to the service and the food. I came here with 3 other people and all of us felt disrespected, ignored and abused. At one point I had to call the manager and he flat out told me to shut up at one point. I'm an adult, not a child, and wtf is he thinking that he told me to shut up he's lucky I didn't flip the table then and there. Believe me if you ever want to be treated like an adult and have a nice meal avoid this place like the plague. This place is a cancerous sore in dormont, and with cancer you get rid of it. This place should be torn down and turned into something nice that supports people and doesn't leave a sour taste when you leave. This place is sad.
Ordered salmon. Fishy smell. Not fresh at all. Had to talk myself into eating it. Hostess not friendly. She asked me what I wanted, made me feel like maybe I should walk out. Should of went with it. Overall dissapointing meal. Good placement of TVs is about it
Great beer list and service is awesome!  No more monday all you can eat crab legs.... Not cool And how do you not have ribs or chicken when it's two of your main things?!!!!! Supposed to be known for your bbq and you don't have it!!!!!  Alright..... Coming back to add to this.... This place is empty.... And for a reason. My family and I got 4 dinners.. 1 salad, a burger which was way over done and dry. and 2 bbq dishes. The brisket and pork.. Only two meats they had. And everything was cold. Not hot at all....  Server Kim was awesome. So apologetic and we know it wasn't her fault. Manager was awesome and wasn't her fault either and they did comp our whole check. But kitchen has a lot of problems. I hope they work through them bc it is a nice place.
We've been here a number of times and I still don't know why we come back.  Anything dealing with food is a train wreck.  The wait is always an hour or more, and the last 4 times several of the people at the table had to return their food because it was not cooked, or over cooked (burnt is what it was).  Today after waiting an hour and a half the food came out cold.  We sent the fried chicken back because it was so cold, and when the new plate came out, it was hot but raw in the center.  I'm done eating here.  I may come to have drinks, but never to eat.  Eat here at your own risk.  You've been warned!  If I could less than a star I would.
Service was extremely slow to begin with.  Not a big deal being that i was visisting with friends and in no hurry.  Took over a half hour to have our order taken. Ordered my food and of course an hour and a half after sitting down it was received.  Go figure cooked, but cold.    When I told them that it was cold they tried microwaving it.  They ended up making a new one  and the wait was over 20 minutes.  I should have taken the microwaved food, because this time it was hot on the outside and frozen on the inside.  real great to bite into.  heard lots of great things about this place, but I can not say it was at all good.  Will never go back.
The place is well put together but It's over priced and the service is terrible.  Tonight was no different than any other night I've had at Cain's.  An hour after ordering appetizers and burgers I walked up to a waitress who wasn't waiting our table and asked on status of our order.  One minute later all of our food was delivered cold.  I think it's reasonable to expect your wings to be delivered before the main course but I'd certainly expect the food to be warm.  It's also really expensive.  A table of three at Cain's, who spent two hours drinking and waiting on our meal, was way over $100.  I didn't do a line by line break down of our bill but I'd guess the place carries a 20% premium over other bars in the area.  Maybe worth it if the experience was enjoyable but my friends and I usually leave more frustrated then when we walked in.  It's not worth the money.  The place had a great location but otherwise it's a waste.  I'm personally finished with the place.
Yelp notified me that they had removed my previous review (perhaps someone complained about it). Alas, I will repost and now it will won't be buried under newer reviews.   I once had love for Cain's Saloon. It was a place where everybody knew my name. I would often boast of the hearty breakfast, accompanied by a make-your-own bloody mary bar on Sundays. I would always suggest it when friends asked me where to go. I was excited to bring family there for dinner.   The beer selection is great, and the specials for Pirates games brought me by almost 162 times a year. I was a brand loyalist - spending hundreds if not thousands of dollars on a place that I believed in.   But something changed. Without warning, without reason, without the Cain's love that I had grown so accustomed to - I was treated extremely rudely by a specific bartender who I will not name. And now those friends who I once brought along, and the family I would laugh with while eating gigantic cheese sticks, and the strangers I would tell to try Cain's for breakfast are a thing of the past.   I cannot speak for others. I only know that deep down in the fragments of my broken heart, I cannot return to Cain's to spend another penny. Such a shame because between the guests I brought and the money I spent - I know it was a lot of money. So much money - gone. Like a big ball of revenue that was so constant and so kind and always huge tips for the friendly staff and I was even thinking about spending more money just because I loved giving them so much money.   All that money spent elsewhere because of one power trip.  Sometimes I drive past Cain's. It still looks the same. I think about the good times had. One day when this particular bartender leaves I might return.... (END)  Oh also tons of TVs great for watching every sports game. :)
I have been going to bars for 30 years, probably the rudest staff I have ever seen. Will NEVER go back!
Came here for a breakfast with my bf this morning. Was surprised that bar was full. Nice atmosphere and music. Waitress are polite. The only issue that its been almost one and half hours we are sitting here and still don't have any food.  Asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one. Unbelievable.
For what it's worth, dor-stop isn't good as people say it was. People are fanatical about this place and its food. Is their food really tasty or they're popular because the network show? From my perspective, I detest their service, the service is notoriously horrible and unacceptable. Also the food was unpalatable. I order pumpkin flavor pancakes and side order scramble eggs. I was too full and their portion is huge so I left two pieces of pancakes. The waitress don't even bother to ask me if I need a box to take it home or if everything is good. Although she did refilled my coffee once, I barely see her stop by and there wasn't too many people in the diner is isn't likely she is occupied by that amount of customers.I think the waitress was rude because she never say thank you during the entire breakfast even when I tipped her. I should have known, I just feel like they treated me differently that's all. This review is based on my dinning experience and the service. Seriously if they mean business they should improve. Especially waitress was lack of enthusiasm. Do I want to come back? Never ever.
I really, really wanted to try Dor - Stop, but it wasn't open when I went! My wife and I woke up early just to go there, and the diner was closed for the next few days, EVEN THOUGH IT DIDNT SAY THAT ON THE WEBSITE! Such a waste of time. If you're going to go, make sure you call ahead, just so you don't get screwed over like we did.
Pancakes, pancakes, pancakes.  Everybody told me I HAD to try and their pancakes. Well, the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes.
DorStop is my favorite breakfast spot but on this visit I was extremely disappointed.  I stopped in on a whim alone and sat at the counter.  While I was eating my delicious breakfast a dishwasher stood in front of me and spit  in the garbage can on the other side of the counter literally a foot away from me.  I immediately wanted to throw up.  I did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left.  They were too busy too mention something and they never asked how everything was or I would have said something.  I am not sure if I will go back which is really a shame.  I love that place.
Aside from the quaint brown paper on cardboard packaging I just can't get into bland sauce on cardboard equivalent crust. I've had better factory pizza at $6 for a large around the block.
Quality has taken a nosedive since changing hands.  Nothing is as good as it was.  Now it's just crap.
I was there not to long ago and I must suggest its not as it was ...years ago .. Lets face it the prices are high for a very simple scarf ..and let me just say it seemed better years ago the sub was dry and the pizza was burnt ....I used to like it not love it because it was original ..much like Betos and fioris, but in reality it was still just good or rather you new what to expect ..Most often high as a kite ...it didnt seem to matter . There pie and sub went from okay to a zero and the prices a small pep and half was 14 bucs ...a little kid could pound ..without a breath ... I didnt see a difference in the res...I could taste the ingredients . I rate things on your only as good as your last....prep...and thats the last chance ....as they purposely fudged my pizza up ...I would suggest go to betos ...they arnt as low ...Ive spent a few bucs here. Not a dime every again .. When i noticed the sub dried out and the pizza burnt ....I new the intent ...They dont deserve any stars ....because if there willing to disgrace there product there willing to do anything And then i went down to gyro place , fantastic ..delish as i remember ..
When my car died, I originally had it towed to Ruffing because it was close to where my car broke down.  After I saw the good reviews, I figured it'd be worth a shot, and was surprised at how awful the people were.  Ruffing originally suggested I take my car to a dealer, since it's an uncommon model and they didn't know what the problem was.  I asked if I could just pay for a vehicle diagnostic, since they're more likely to be honest than a dealership. They said it would take around a day-and-a-half to get to it.  Almost three days later, I hadn't heard back from them.  Since I need my car on a daily basis, it was frustrating that they were well past their quoted time with no updates as to what was going on.  The repairs are what should take time - not a diagnostic.  My biggest issue was the attitude I received when I called.  When I called to see why there was a delay, the mechanic became agitated.  His tone became condescending when he told me it's my fault for leaving the car with him -- that I just HAD to have him look at it and I was SO against going elsewhere.  He said he had cars sitting there for weeks that he hasn't even touched yet (?) so he can't bother with mine. Ultimately I had to get my car towed to a dealership anyway, since I couldn't afford to have my car sit at their shop for "weeks".  I wished they were more up front with how back logged they were, rather than trying to give me a schedule they couldn't abide by, and then take their stress out on me when I followed up with them.  I wouldn't recommend this mechanic to anyone.  You're better off going somewhere that has realistic wait-times and up front communication.  And you definitely don't want to deal with a mechanic who is going to lose his cool with you at the drop of a hat.
You know it's bad when you get in your car practically in tears because of how bad the haircut is. Having curly hair, I've had my fair share of terrible haircuts. The one I had at this salon was among the worst. I explained to the owner of the salon how I wanted my layering, but apparently because I didn't tell him exactly how to cut my hair - since after all, I figured he's the one who should know how to cut hair, including curly hair - it's my fault that I received such a terrible haircut. Sorry, I guess I was too busy watching in horror as he blunt cut horizontal layers into my hair (exactly the opposite of what you're supposed to do with curly hair). The owner clearly has no idea how to cut curly hair. And he's overpriced to boot. The other stylists may give better cuts, but the owner's attitude ("It's not my fault") suggests this salon deserves no one's business.
Short of getting on my hands and knees and begging the stylist to cut ONE HALF of an INCH, I don't know what else I could have done..   Before every haircut I explain that I am very particular about the length of my hair -- I want to keep it long, it grows very slowly, that it is IMPERATIVE to only cut a TINY AMOUNT off, etc, etc. I made this extremely clear to the stylist. She promised that she "wouldn't do anything crazy.."  Let's just say I am using this as a cathartic outlet for my experience because I went in for a trim but left with FOUR INCHES missing from my hair. I'm still recovering aesthetically and emotionally from this trauma! It just doesn't make sense to me why a stylist would do exactly the opposite of what was requested. I think maybe she is used to cutting children's hair and not listening to them. But either way, what should have been a really quick/easy trim, turned into one of the most extreme haircuts of my life. It all could have been so easily avoided. It doesn't feel fair.   Proceed with caution..
My daughter has been going to Geno Como for about a year now, her stylist was Danielle Emmons. She called to make an appointment for herself and me ( Mother's Day gift ) unfortunately she was told Danielle no longer works there. Gave us appointments with owner Geno for Saturday 5/16/15 2pm and 3pm. We arrived at 2pm my daughter was first. She showed Geno the length she wanted, he cut it shorter than she wanted and you couldn't tell that it was chopped up all different length since he dried it blowing curls in. He asked her if she liked it, she told him she didn't like how he styled it and that she would fix it when you got home. My turn, I should have went with gut feeling RUN but I didn cause this was part of my Mother's Day gift. I told Geno I donate my hair to locks of love and showed him how much to cut off. I've been donating my hair for years and I know how much to cut. Geno told me I should donate my hair to Pantene and preceded to tell me why he likes them better than locks of love. Told Geno thanks for your input but I donate to locks of love. He put my hair in a ponytail got out his electric trimmer and preceded to cut off my hair. All the salons that have cut off my hair used scissors. Weird !  He cut way more than I showed him the back is so short the front is longer and the hole cut is choppy all different lengths. I don't know what to do with this other than wear a hat for a few week. Thank God my hair grows fast. This man clearly should retire. I wish my daughter would have read the reviews before we went there and she would have seen Geno can't cut curly hair. We got there at 2pm and Geno took my daughter right away, we weren't finish till 5:30pm that 3 1/2 hours to destroy two heads of hair. One reviewer said he takes his time I don't think that the case he looked a little confused at time. Over priced $60.00 each for Geno when my daughter had Danielle she paid $35.00 but they don't tell you Geno prices. NOT NiCE !  Save your money don't go there and if you do you will be wearing a hat just like me.
My mistake that I went to Namaste India with my cousin.  Pappad were served in the beginning and that was the only moment we could afford a smile! Rest was a complete disaster..  We ordered aloo tikki and "much recommended" samosa Chaat!!  Samosa chaat was cold to touch- looked like a heap of poorly cooked samosa.. worse was the RED CHILLI powder used as garnishing ( we asked it to be a bit spicy- our fault) ..that too in plenty... we could have used that amount of red chiili powder for cooking food for some 6-7 people!! Taste was below average...  we could barely think of ordering main course after the initial encounter.. Malai kofta is what we ordered besides daal... Malai Kofta looked like stuffed with samosa!! ( Pun intended) ... bland and tasteless.. NAAN were good ..thin , baked properly...out only consolation... No wonder we left half of the  ordered dishes...  Worth mentioning is the fact that..Kohli's store is adjacent and we saw some samosas there..I wonder if the ones we had at namaste were part of the same deal?   Please beware of this place- you may end up cursing yourself for your visit later on... as we are doing right now...
This was probably one of the worst places I've eaten at in a while . I'm not sure what was worse food or service . Never again , the coupon we bought and weren't allowed to use left on the table
I have dined at Namaste for the final time.  I am tired of being served by an individual that does not speak: who treats the customer with disdain and indifference.  The words "thank you" and "how are you" are not part of the lexicon here.  The buffet items reflect economizing.  Virtually no cauliflower is used, thus my favorite dish, aloo gobi, is never offered..  There sometimes is no rice pudding, and in place of the India staple buffet item, chicken tandoori, the cheaper and less appealing chicken wings are offered.  It is s shame that such a beautiufl, comfortable restaurant space is being wasted.  For a mere $1.01 more, I can receive a spectacular and delicious array of the finest Indian food in the lovely atmosphere of All India, North Craig Street, Oakland, where I receive gracious, personal attention from the owners.
I wish I could give this place "-5" stars for its terrible food quality. Oily, greasy and bad taste. All 4 members of our party fell sick, throwing up and/or with a running stomach.
Shockingly bad.  I know it's Pittsburg so my expectations were low, but there is no call for rudeness.  The old lady should retire.  The young waiter was ok but clearly  scared of the woman.   I went to the dinner buffet at 530 pm, the food was obviously left over from lunch, the rice was so old it was crunchy, all other food was very low quality and mostly cold. I always like to say something nice so the sweet carrot dish was not horrible.  My search for quality Indian food in the 'burgh continues.
I wish I could give them 0 stars...total waste of money. Food was so bad that I threw it in the trash. Hope no one falls sick after eating food here.
Food was terrible. all tasted like old food. Hope no one falls sick after eating food here.
My daughter and I used to eat at this location when it was Mahajara, which we really liked. We wanted to give this place a try. Firstly, the lady wasn't the most hospitable host which is no big deal, just hoping the food would make up for it. The buffet was unimpressive with the selections, not much to choose from at all. Also the food was bland and pretty much flavorless, very disappointing. To make the experience even worse, my daughter experienced an allergic reaction (she has a nut allergy).. No clue what she consumed from the buffet to cause this and I suppose we should have inquired about ingredients in food prep, though she never had such reaction with other Indian buffets we have had at different restaurants in the past. I ended up getting her to the Med Express on 51 in time where she was treated with epinephrine, a steroid and benydryl via an IV.. Terrifying experience and I wanted to make sure I posted this to alert future customers with similar allergies since they was no viewable signage to let consumers know to beware! Needless to say, we will never return!
Severely disappointed. I ordered chicken curry. Lacking in flavor, no "curry", not spicy what so ever, a little lacking in the protein portion, I ended up cooking on a night I didn't want to. I fixed your "curry" sauce by adding curry.... Don't be afraid of flavor who ever does the cooking here.
Maharaja is located in the Days Inn on Banksville Rd, and we tried it one day for lunch. Not really understanding the positive reviews here, but to each his/her own. I found the food watery, overcooked (even by Indian food standards) and tasteless. There seemed to be no care in preparation of the dishes, so that the vegetables weren't cut into the same sizes, each dish tasted much like the other, and the food didn't even look attractive. I don't mind divey surroundings, but I abhor a smelly old carpet, and they have wall to wall carpeting that was around before most of us were. They offer mango lassi which they keep in the original gallon plastic jug that they bought it in...at least pretend that you made it. There are 2 better Indian restaurants a stones throw from this place...Namaste and Mintt, both across the street.
Terrible place to eat and not very clean at all. Way over priced foe fast food. 5$ for a plain roast beef forget that!
I actually don't mind the Arby's chain; I certainly don't go to one on a regular basis, but when I do I usually enjoy the treat that is a so-not-good-for-me fast food type of sandwich and a side of curly fries. Usually what I get from an Arby's is an a-ok fast food variety sandwich that, while greasy, is still very tasty and doesn't leave me feeling sick to my stomach.  That said, I never truly enjoy the food I pick up from this particular Arby's. Firstly, often when I've placed an order in their drive-thru I've found that I've had to sit and wait for my "fast food" for 10 to 15 minutes. After waiting for my food - on the days that I didn't leave the line in frustration before placing an order at all because I couldn't even do so in a reasonable amount of time - I've found that what I've gotten has been mediocre compared to what I've experienced at other Arby's. Common issues I've come across include the lack of sauces when I've asked for them, overcooked food, and so much grease that the sandwich begins coming apart, AND after eating I begin to feel sick to my stomach.   Sorry, guys. I may not expect a lot from a fast food joint, but this Arby's just doesn't impress me.
Well....I'm sitting here and the lady running the front is screaming at everyone in the back. It is stressful to listen to. Not an enjoyable experience. She needs to calm down.
I was desperately hungry late one night with no other options. I ordered the crispy chicken sandwich meal and now I have food poisoning. My guess is that it was that suspect sauce you put on that sandwich. Or maybe its the fact that you are Arby's. Why don't you do us all a favor and set the place on fire and collect the insurance money and be on your way.
I waited for my order for over 10 minutes. I ordered two chicken finger kids meals and two adult meals. Had to pull forward and wait another ten minutes for food. When I got home they didn't give me my kids meals.
Sadly really went downhill. They switched to a new vendor, the prices went up and they are no longer having sales.
Just got the pittsburgh style sandwich the " steak" was garbage , and the bread was moldy. I gave this place a second chance and they failed. Gross.never again!
Hostess was very awkward when seating us. Sat us in the corner in a small booth with a broken seat right up against another large party. The place was by no means busy. We sat and waited for someone to acknowledge us. We watched 4 members of the wait staff each attend to the 4 other tables and not one of them ever acknowledged us or came over. After 15 minutes of being ignored by staff, we got up and walked out. It's a shame too... we liked the looks of the menu and the bar list and specials. Don't think we'd ever come back after that. There are plenty of other places.
Consumer Beware !!!!  This place is a joke! We had a party of thirty and had heard good things about this establishment.  The food is average at best (Same pizza as Cici's pizza as far as taste) We payed a little shy of 1000.00$ for two and a half large pizzas, a small pan of overcooked wings,  Two loaves of bread with some balogna and ham they called a hoagie, and a small salad. Thank goodness they had beer and wine(at an extra cost) for us to drink and two televisions to watch the football game on(But wouldnt turn any sound on)  . They told us it was an all you can eat buffet for our guest (most were over 60) but when the wings and salad were gone they would replinish it only for "An extra phenominal fee" . The people who wanted to enjoy a cup of coffee were also told so sorry,, That will also be an "Additional Cost"!! The money isnt an issue if they would have been up front and honest with us.  We all had a TERRIBLE experience here and unfortunately will NEVER step foot in this place again. And to top things off,,  The pizza and two so called hoagies that were left over(because they were all bread) and we payed for, We were told we could not take home because someone might get sick.   Im sorry, But I didnt pay to feed your staff dinner !!!!!   On a good note, The bartender was a great guy and very good at his job.
one of the worst steak sandwiches i've ever eaten. there were 7 of us and the only people who liked their food were the kids and the one who had the pizza.   i would never eat here again
Everything is basic with a large price tag.  You can have a small pizza (literally like kids size) for about 10 bucks (it's like 4 bites).  Not to mention if you add a topping or two, it's now about 15 bucks.  Their wings you can make at home better.  Swordfish on my salad wasn't cooked right (they probably shouldn't be serving that if they don't have top chefs).  Lastly, I was also overcharged for everything-  they added a few things to my bill that I did not order or eat.  Maybe some people would pay the bill without looking first, but I was smart enough to not get scammed or be sadly mistaken by their stupidity.  Just an fyi for them, I didn't plan on paying for 2 other random tables full of random people, in addition to my own bill.  Weird.
We just ate there on a Friday night and the whole experience was a disaster. Rude, unfriendly, just a miserable male server. Drinks were lousy , service was lousy, food just o.k., nothing to write home about, and at 9:00 on a Friday night they were putting chairs on the tables and vacuuming, hinting it was time for us to leave. The whole experince was horrible... and the bill was outrageous.  Save your money and Go somewhere else!!!!
I am not being hyperbolic when I say that my last experience here was the worst food experience I have ever had.   I have eaten at Bado's before and have had pizza that was pretty tasty. So when my roomate wanted to go there, I was pretty excited. There were 4 of us. Two of us had burgers while the other two ordered wedding soup and shared potato skins. My burger was delicious. It was juicy and smothered in bleu cheese.   While my food was really good, there were some issues with the other items ordered. Two of my guests cited that the wedding soup had a metalic taste to it while my other friend with the burger found a hair. Being a hairdresser and understanding that it does happen sometimes, she disregarded it and continued to eat her burger. Unfortunately, the hair did not stop there. Another guest found several hairs in their meal as well. We decided that we should let our waitress know. I stopped the waitress and explained how there was hair in two people's food. The waitress got upset and was very rude (it's not like we accused her of planting the hair herself). On top of this, she mistakenly took my burger and walked away with it, leaving the sullied food on the table. When she came back I told her that my burger was not one of the items with food on it and she instantly became defensive. At this point we asked for a manager (who never came) and insisted our meal get comped. Considering she threw out the only good food that we ordered, we didn't feel like that was asking too much. Luckily the waitress did not put up too much of a fight.   I will never eat at Bado's again. A good cheese burger and a decent pie isn't enough when the staff can't even accept their own (human) mistakes. I have been places where there have been food issues before and I have also worked in a restaurant. I completely understand that mistakes happen. However, the reaction that we received was unacceptable.
I will never go back. Besides the gnocchi coming from a vacuum sealed bag, they offer a " Pittsburgh Sandwich " they don't know how to make. Served fries on the side and bagged coleslaw. Fries were an afterthought due to the pickle found underneath.  watched a young waiter spill two drinks, or e on a customer.  Same waiter after avoiding a table with cash payment, waiting for them to leave so he could pocket the change, finally got them change, as soon as they left he pulled out his wallet and put the tip inside.So unprofessional. Food from a box and under trained staff. Not if they begged would I go back.
Very disappointed in our delivery order this evening. The potato soup was runny, and looked like milky water with a few potatoes in it. The wedding soup was less than fair. Thee Buffalo chicken sandwich had no lettuce or tomato on it. The Reuben and fries were soggy and greasy. The chicken salad, the lettuce was wilted, although the chicken strips were the best thing in the whole order. The turkey grilled sandwich also had no lettuce or tomato and was greasy and soggy and did not come with the chips and pickles as listed on the menu. For what they charged for this. It was a disgrace . We will not order again and will pass the word around. There are too many other  decent and less expensive delivery restaurants to ever order from there again. Disappointed.
Had the gnocchi delivered. Absolutely terrible. Gnocci's had to have been 2 years old. Delivery guy was shady too.
I don't like this place at all. The staff here is always rude and has no sense of care at all for their business. A couple years ago I had heard they smoke over making their pizza. All of their employees tend to be shady. I don't recommend at all.
Under new ownership so I thought I'd give them a shot. Tried to order using a coupon from their website, but they refused to honor what was offered on the coupon.     No apology or explanation, just a bad attitude. Not a great first impression.
I used to live in the area and would always patronize and recommend this business.  However with the last experience I will have to rethink that. My aunt and uncle ordered a gift basket for my grandmother for her birthday. When it was delivered it looked beautiful.  However once opened not so much.  Inside it was filled with....Dollar General brand goods. When I stopped down to tell them the owner and another worker told me what do you expect. If it was a busy season we would have gotten stuff from the strip. So moral of the tale. If you want to pay a whole lot of money for stuff from the Dollar Store you know where to go. To make it even more special the owner will provide a blank stare and a warm welcoming attitude that clearly shows she does not care.
I wish there were negative stars I could put for this place.  One of the most unprofessional experiences I have ever had with a business owner, not even a worker.  I was yelled at, mocked, and generally treated like crap for checking up on a remounting job that was supposed to be done within a week.  Emotional mess the rest of the day.  I have never been treated that way with any owner of a business.   I work with restaurant owners for god's sake!   Unbelievable.   If you want the full story, email me and I will tell you the whole thing.  As it is right now, DO NOT patronize this business.   There was absolutely no excuse for his attitude.
Got a bang trim, a low #1 cut, and a wash. I showed the lady the picture of my desired bang. She went ahead started to cut my bang after looking at it. After she got done it didn't look like a Kendall Jenner bang, it looked like a Lucy lu bang. The back cut wasn't even shaped up or even given a hot towel as requested. My hair was left damp and wet enough to leave a water mark on the back of my shirt. It was pretty embarrassing to get up and walk towards the waiting area to see the guy who she was rushing for. My money wasn't good enough to get a full service here in this place clearly.
So incredibly disappointed with the 'service' I received at Blooming Dahlia last month!! I actually felt sick to my stomach after leaving the store because the florist (who I believe was the owner) was so nasty... basically kicking me out, waving goodbye with one hand (as if quaking like a duck!) and rudely blurting out "bye, bye" in a mean tone!... and in front of my 17 year old daughter who was actually shocked by the florist's behavior. Are you kidding me?!?! I had pre-ordered a presentation bouquet a few days prior for my 12 year old who was performing the lead role in the Nutcracker that Sunday... one dozen esperanza roses at $4 each. I went to Blooming Dahlia because I wanted something extra special for the bouquet that would be presented to her onstage during the bows.  Though the bouquet was not ready when my older daughter and I stopped by the store in between Saturday performances, I did not complain. When I noticed the florist wrapping the roses in light brown tissue paper (that actually looked like a brown paper bag), I asked if they had any pink or white tissue paper that they could use instead. The florist was visibly annoyed by my request but did look to see if she had any other colors (which they did not). Okay, I thought, I can simply rewrap the roses with pretty tissue paper when I get home. But, when she started ringing up my order at $5 per rose (versus her original quote of $4 each), I decided not to purchase the bouquet. Why would I pay such a high price for roses that were nice but certainly not extra special and that I would have to go home unwrap and rewrap in my own tissue paper?! I actually apologized to her and said thank you, but I have decided not to purchase the bouquet (which, by the way, was still not completely arranged and wrapped). She looked at me and asked, "so you are not taking the bouquet?" and I replied, "no, I'm sorry. It's not what I was looking for, but thank you". And that's when she rudely waved me and my daughter out of the shop. Needless to say, I will NOT be returning to the Blooming Dahlia... and I will NOT hesitate to share my unfortunate experience with others. There are plenty of other good florists in the South Hills...
Absolutely wretched and incompetent billing department.  Overcharged four months in a row, called every month and was repeatedly told it would be fixed.  I went to American Express to file a dispute and at least they were able to reverse the four overcharges.  Even after that, I was randomly charged for a system upgrade that never happened.  I am considering filing a complaint with the better business bureau and the attorney general.
If I could leave ADT Security a negative review I would.  This is the worst company as far as billing & customer service are concerned.  I work for a General Contractor on the West Coast and we use ADT for our clients.  Security patrol is standard, but the problem is that their invoices are obscure to the point of insensible, referencing 3 other invoices that were never received.  The only way that you can view the invoices is to login to their website with a password no one has, from a letter that is only mailed out the jobsite.  I AM NOT AT THE JOBSITE WHERE CONSTRUCTION IS DONE, I am in the business office where we pay bills.  Their CSRs put you on hold for 10-15 minutes at a time only to tell you lies about what they can do, then you have to call back and deal with them all over again when the lies are uncovered.  They are the worst company, do yourself a favor and stay away from them.
Awful customer service, they tell you one price and its COMPLETELY not enough security to cover a small house...., then they charge you a ton to actually secure your house.... Only telling you AFTER it was installed (holes in your wall for keypad and drilling in your ceiling for smoke detector). when you try to cancel it takes forever and THEY ARE RUDE!!! My advice ...... DONT USE ADT!!!!!!! Save your money and give it to an honest company not this awful one!!!
I tried to go here for the second time today.  I say tried because I sat at the bar for about 7 mins with 3 people walking around behind it and no one even acknowledging I was there.  I ended up going next door to The Map Room for lunch.  The first time I had gone I had a server come and take my order, a kitchen guy ran it out, and then no one ever came back for 45 mins.  I went to the counter for my check and thought that I wouldn't give it another go.  Well, you can't say I didn't try.   I had the barbeque chicken pizza the first time and it wasn't bad, but its not a place I'd make my go to pizza place.
Over-hyped food, rude service, don't care about their customers.  What happens when the owner values money over "being there" to oversee the business.  I'm a local and have been going to D's since they opened...but that doesn't matter any more....with the exception of Eli, the bartenders are generally rude.  Food is sub-par...seems the busier they are,  the worse the food is.  What a shame.  It used to be my "go to" place in the 'Square, where I would take out-of -towners or go after a mountain bike ride in Frick.  Despite the numbers of great beers, I can't justify giving my money to a place that doesn't care about their customers.
While awaiting the arrival of your wedding dress, you should feel excitement and joy, not desparation and hopelessness.  The delivery date was "pushed back" many times until it finally came in over 3 months after they said it would, and gave me the run-around throughout the entire process.  I didn't think my dress was coming at all to be perfectly honest.  I had un-returned phone calls and was lied to by Donetta, the owner.  Janie was the consultant I worked with the most and she was always pleasant and helpful; however, the store overall struggles and I would never go back.  If you are shopping for a wedding dress run far far away from this place.  Seriously, take my word for it.  I ordered my dress well in advance and no one should go through what I went through wondering when you were going to get a straight answer and if your dress was ever going to come.  I have read many negative reviews for this place and still gave them the benefit of the doubt. Shame on me.  Check out the Better Business Bureau (BBB).  Brides by Candalina is rated an F.  They have unresolved isssues with customers and unfortunately they really don't care. Shopping for a wedding dress should be one of the most exciting times of your life, not a nightmare.  There are many other bridal shops-avoid this one.
I went to pick up my wife's bridesmaid dress (she was the maid of honor) on a very boring Wednesday afternoon around 12:30. From the outside the place looks like a bomb shelter with dresses in the window.  The show room is upstairs, but you would never know it from the drab, basement-like entrance. As I walked up the stairs I notices ZERO customers in the store, however; two employees were working on the sales floor. I stood there like a jerk for a bit while both employees (one was the owner) kept to themselves. The owner did not respond to me for, at least, 10 minutes even though the store was empty and another employee was just walking around "dusting" (the store smalls like the inside of a mascot costume).  When the owner, finally, saw me she made a little annoying noise like "What the hell are YOU doing here!!". She walked over slowly, like a zombie looking for fresh brains and giving a crap why I was there. She asked me to follow her as she took me downstairs to an absolutely empty storeroom (by that I mean: what was she doing that was was so important that she couldn't wait on a customer) and took her sweet-ass time to get the dress which, by the way, was a second alteration. You see, they screwed up the first time they altered the dress (even after my wife tried it on there and markings or whatever were made!). So everyone is entitled to a mistake even a business that claims perfection; it's important to give them a chance to redeem themselves. But, to my surprise, she handed me a bill for the second alteration!!!!!! Are you kidding me?!!!  I argued a bit, but then gave in; what was I supposed to do? We were leaving to go 200 miles away the next day for the wedding. So I paid. Do not go here ladies!  Oh, if you think I'm exaggerating, feel free to Google this company and read the many reviews that make mine look like a compliment. If you have ever needed a dress for a wedding or YOUR wedding, these reviews will scare you!
ATTENTION BRIDES: BEWARE OF THIS LOCATION.  My sister is soon to be married and all of the bridesmaids purchased our dresses from this shop. Thankfully, early on in the ordering process, her mother in law noticed the sales rep was about to order the wrong dresses for everyone and had the problem corrected. Now, after picking up my dress we realized they ordered the wrong size! It clearly states what size I needed on my receipt but it was still ordered wrong. The size that I ordered required ZERO alterations. When I asked to speak to the owner I was told he'd call me back. I called every day for a week and still got no where (sometimes 2 times a day). I was also out of town on the West Coast -working- and still made the attempts to speak to the owner. At one point an employee told me that to speak to the owner I needed to write an email. Angrily, I did but it was returned because their inbox was full. (I have the email saved as proof). Now, I would absolutely be open to the "mistakes happen" rule but after chasing the owner for a week and getting nowhere- I lost that thought. After calling every day for a week I was FURIOUS. I can't say that I was the happiest of customers to deal with but I'm sure anyone would reach a point of panic when your the maid of honor - in your sister's wedding-that was less than a month away and your dress was too big!!! I refused to bring the dress back to the store until I could speak to the owner and ensure he was going to make it right. I live 45 minutes to an hour away and didn't want to waste any more time or gas! I specifically told that to every employee. To put the icing on the cake - I spoke to the owners wife (who claims she's the owner when you're in the store), tell me that in her country she'd be expected to just deal with it and move on. #WELCOMETOTHEUSAMYDEAR When the owner -Scott- FINALLY called me a week later he treated me with complete disrespect and wondered why I was so angry. He barely let me talk and continuously spoke over me. After that I decided to cut my losses and made an appointment with my own seamstress to fix their mistake. I was hesitant to let them even touch the dress after that conversation. Candalina brides can careless about their customers. The owner of the store specifically stated that "I'm not the first (unhappy customer) and I'm certainly not the last..." And when I mentioned that I'd be giving him bad reviews he said "he'd love the free publicity".   So here's you're free publicity Mr. Scott....   ********** I would highly advise against going to this shop unless you enjoy horrible customer service and paying out of your own pocket for their mistakes!!!   #enjoythefreepublicityjerk!
UPDATE: The only thing that the owner has right on his comment is that I assured him I'd do whatever I could to let Pittsburgh know what type of business he is running. He specifically said that "I'm not the first & certainly not the last" & that he'd love the "free publicity" so I made sure to keep my promise.    For starters- the "no comment" on ordering the wrong dresses in the first place is typical. That complaint dated back to Jan. It's now July. The employee that messed up probably was too afraid to fess up.   I wasn't "too busy" to pick up my dress. I live close to an hour away. My sister's mother in law offered to pick up the dress bc she was in the area. Clearly, the distance is not his problem but we were under the impression the correct dress was ordered. No one told us that we needed to try the dresses on before I left the building otherwise I would have gone myself.  For the 37 phone calls -he probably added up how many times I called the store a few weeks prior the actual dress pick up. I called numerous times one Saturday bc my sisters & I were going to make the trip out to CB. After about the 20th call someone FINALLY answered. Their hours online stated they'd be open but when I called I was worried that no one would be there. It turns out that their summer hours began & were never updated any of their online accounts (at the time).  When this whole situation was noticed I was out of town working at a medical conference on the west coast. The wedding was less than a month away. I was 3 hours behind & trying to reach the store on my breaks. Has anyone ever tried to call CB? No one answers. EVER. After not being called back for so long obviously I'm going to keep calling. I called about twice a day for a week straight. Every time I talked to an employee they would promise that the owner would call me back. About halfway through my week of calling someone told me that I needed to write an email to get him to call back. If that was the case they should have told me that to start. It took 7 days to actually speak him! Where Scott has this wrong- again - was what I told the employees. I stated that "I refuse to come into the store UNTIL I SPOKE WITH THE OWNER". I was not about to waste my time & gas to have to go back out again. I even said that I would make an appointment with him in attendance so he'd have the opportunity to fix his mistake. Yes, I wanted the right size dress at first. Who wouldn't when you paid $200 for a dress? When I found out that it took about 15 weeks to come in I settled for the alterations even though that wasn't my first choice. My receipt shows size 12 that was ordered & I received a size 14. The very first employee that I spoke to told me that she saw how the mix up happened. They scratched out the wrong size on the receipt but never changed it in the ordering book (which was separate from the receipts). SHE ADMITTED THAT THE MISTAKE ACTUALLY WAS THEIR FAULT. I still have ALL of my receipts showing what size should have been ordered & from her comment, I know they store has everything too.  I don't appreciate being misquoted. I've never used the word "swimming" in my dress. The size difference was ONE size but for a girl like me - I'm not very busty - so the dress literally fell down when I put it on - which is a BIG problem. The top piece was made correctly to size. The alterations should have been more expensive but we have a wonderful seamstress.   When I filed my BBB complaint I originally stated that I didn't want ANYTHING from CB but they called me & said that the complaint would just be filed in a drawer & not posted publicly unless I put that I wanted something from the owner. That's when I stated that wanted my money back from CB for my alterations. I wouldn't trust this company to even touch the dress after the way the owner & his wife spoke to me. When his wife told me that in her country I'd be expected to deal with it & the company wouldn't be at fault I had reached my boiling point. I'm amazed that any business owner would allow something like that to be said.     In summary, the owner clearly has major problems owning up to his mistakes. He still cannot respectfully say that they ordered me the wrong size- maybe they should speak the employees or look at his records again. I'll still do my very best to save anyone the hassle from dealing with this company. He has plenty of other negative reviews on other websites -which speak for themselves. For people to take the time out of their day to post this stuff I'd say they'd have to be pretty passionate on really having a BAD EXPERIENCE. I truly hope that all of this "free publicity" does him good. I enjoyed being the maid of honor in my sister's wedding ONLY thanks to Verna, our seamstress. I'd suggest to anyone looking for dresses to STAY AWAY from CB.   Good Luck with your business.
Update- After having been told a variety of different delivery dates and having to finally have my parents get involved to help me get an answer, this place never got my dress in time so I ended up getting a full refund and had to buy off the rack three weeks prior to my wedding date.  Do NOT recommend  ( below is my original post )   LOVE!  My mom found this location for me to try on bridal gowns and I was very happy with the website so we went for an appointment.   I had already chosen a designer that I loved and the manager of the store immediately helped by providing me with options similar to what I'd preselected.  For me, it was very helpful to have the manager choose additional styles that she thought I would like.  I felt very supported by the staff without being pressured in any way.  I actually ended up choosing a gown that the manager picked for me and was very grateful at their recommendations for accessories.  I believe the manager of the store is a new owner of the location... regardless we were so happy with the appointment  and service that my mom and sister  decided to purchase their dresses from the same location.  I'm  very grateful to have found this store.  Although it looks rather unassuming from the outside, it is quite a gem on the inside.  I definitely recommend.  I think they are appointment only, just FYI :)
AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE!  Attendant woke up on the wrong side of the bed! She was sooooo rude. Here is my story: My friend and I walked in and started going upstairs, as the sign indicates you should. A voice from downstairs says "I'm down here." So we turn around and start going down. She then starts up the stairs and says "no go upstairs." She asked what I was there for and I told her I was in for a appointment to look at wedding dresses. And then she said "No, what KIND of dress." A little taken, I calmly told her the style I liked. She took me into the room of dresses and said to look around. She did not offer to pull for me (she knows her stock, not me.) I found one dress I had a mild interest in trying on. She asked if I needed help trying it on. At this point, in no mood to deal with her, I said my friend would help me. We took the dress in the fitting room and noticed it was dirty and tattered. We tried it on as best we could (if anyone has tried wedding dresses on, you know how difficult that can be). As fast as we got it on, is as fast as we took it off and booked it to the door. No way I was placing the responsibility of ordering and altering a dress for my wedding day in this shop's hands. They can't even give you the courtesy of trying on their dresses. All I can figure is this lady has zero patience and should not be working with the public. Sheesh!
I ordered a bridesmaid dress here when my best friend got married and I had a good experience. So I had high hopes that my 9(!) bridesmaids would also have a good experience.  The pros: the dresses are beautiful and the prices are good! Overall, I loved my bridesmaid dresses.  But getting to that point was one disaster after another.  I had my bridesmaids pick from two different styles of dresses. Two bridesmaids and my maid of honor lived out of town and we were told they could order over the phone.   So after that was all taken care of... We waited and waited and waited. We ordered on February 1st. I was told that because of Chinese New Year (the dresses come from china) it would take about 10-12 weeks for them to come in. At the end of May, I called just to check in about my order. The girl who answered sounded confused and told me she'd have someone call me back. No one ever called. So I called again after a week and was told there was no way to track my order and that I'd have to continue waiting.  Then, in June, my maid of honor calls me. She got a bridesmaid dress in the mail! Yay! But it was not the dress she ordered. Not even close. In fact, it had some other girl's name on it and a different wedding date. It was a dress from someone else's wedding.  I had to travel back to the store to return that particular dress.  Fast forward to July (5 weeks before the wedding). The dresses finally arrive! They are the right sizes! The colors are pretty! I am relieved.... Until my one bridesmaid from out of town calls me to tell me they ordered her the wrong style dress. She's an easy-going gal and normally this wouldn't be a concern, but she had just given birth and was nursing and the dress they sent her was strapless and a little skimpy.   I called to see how Candalina could possibly amend this and was told (by the owner's wife) that she shouldn't have ordered over the phone and that it must have been her fault for ordering the wrong dress! I asked to talk to the owner, but was told he was out of town.   So now I'm pretty livid. I travel there AGAIN to see if I could talk to someone in person. The woman who was there was very understanding, but couldn't really help me. She said there was no time to order another dress. No time to get additional fabric. She suggested buying a shrug in a "close color"  In the end, that bridesmaid got a partial refund for the dress. But that was after MUCH time and effort and after many conversations.   This experience was not worth the beautiful dresses. Save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment. Planning a wedding is stressful enough, you don't need to deal with this mess of a business on top of it.
Last Friday I dropped off my best interview suit at Regency Cleaners and verified that I needed it back by Monday because of an interview on Wednesday. They assured me I could pick it up on Monday morning.   Monday afternoon I stopped by and was told the suit wouldn't be there until 5:00PM. When I insisted that I had been told morning, she went into the back and came out with what I first thought was the suit but turned out to be only the jacket. She told me to come back after 5:00PM. When I asked to speak with the manager, she informed me that she was the only person there. I asked her to have the manager call me - she said the manager wouldn't answer the phone and reiterated the 5:00PM time when the last delivery came and petulantly informed me that none of this was her fault.  At 5:30PM I called and was told that the last delivery hadn't come yet and I'd have to call later. I again asked them to have the manager call me and she told me she couldn't give me the manager's phone number - which I hadn't asked for. I was again told this wasn't her fault. As of 7:00PM, the delivery finally arrived but not my pants.  I was told the manager would call me after she arrived in the morning. I finally called at 9:00AM and was criticized by the manager for demanding her home phone number and told that there was never any guarantee about when clothes would be returned even when a rush was placed on them.   Apparently a *lot* of clothes were missing from the Monday delivery so I wasn't the only person upset about this situation.  When I told them they'd lost my business for good, I was told that was fine and hung up on, forcing me to call again to find out exactly *when* I might be able to expect my missing pants.  At this point I'm still waiting and will be for the next three hours. In the meantime, I have to go out and try to find a suit that I can afford as a replacement just in case.   I absolutely cannot recommend Regency Cleaners. They leave high school kids with no customer service experience or training in charge of the store with no manager available for unexpected situations. And there is no guarantee about when or if your clothes will ever come back.  This was my first and last time dealing with them.
Worst dry cleaners EVER.    Not only do they do an incredibly poor job on the clothes, but the staff are particularly nasty and rude.  The kids who work there are fine, but the older ladies are just plain miserable.  I would rather spend more money someplace else than go back to this hell hole.
Originally, I was happy that I had a dry cleaner close by. Turned out to be way more hassle than it was worth. When I dropped off my clothes (three blazers) I was told it would be over a two week wait. I left them as I was not in a rush. When it was time to pick up my clothes, I tried four times to go to get them and the store was closed each time. Even though their hours say 7 am - 8 pm on the door, they were not open at 730 am, not open at 530 pm and were not there on the weekends when I tried. Finally, one day I came in and the door was open, but the people working there were sitting in the back talking. I was told I had to wait outside until they were ready. This was during business hours that I was told to wait outside. This was the worst experience I've had trying to get drycleaning done. I have a lot of clothes that I get dry cleaned, but I will take my business elsewhere next time.
I live a block away. I WILL NEVER EVER take another article to this place. I had, let me re emphasize, HAD somewhere I had to be ( I usher for the cultural district) I dropped my pants and vest off. They assured me that they would be done today. They've had these for over a week! I walk down there this afternoon and I get, "Our machines broke down" this is the second time their machines broke down. These people are totally incompetent. I wouldn't trust them with a pair of socks. What made it worse was their inability to tell me when my articles would be returned and their smug'we don't care attitude. DO NOT USE THESE PEOPLE FOR YOUR DRY CLEANING NEEDS!!!!! They ask you to rate these people to submit your review. Unfortunately zero stars is not an option.
I have been in this bar many times with a friend of mine (who has been a patron for decades) and I thought the owners were really nice people but now I wonder.  My friend is now confined to a wheelchair and still likes to frequent this bar, however, there are a couple of steps that lead into the back rooms where there are pool tables, dart boards, etc.  She cannot get to this area and has a ramp that she would give to the owners so she can access this area.  They refuse to put in the ramp.  I thought all public businesses had to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act as long as it does not create an undue hardship.  Tell me, how is putting down a ramp that is given to you for free a hardship!  SHAME ON YOU CATHY!
Let me start off by saying, I HATE the dentist.  It is my worst fear.  I came to Edgewood Dental after stellar reviews.. and let me tell you my first impression was amazing.  They were professional, so nice, easily scheduled me in and numbed me so much that I didn't feel a thing.  Although I had 7 cavities filled (my teeth are horrible) I felt good that they did a good job.  Flash forward 3 months later, I received a bill in the mail because my insurance downgraded and no longer covered white fillings.  First, I was very upset that I was never told of this downgrade.  I was given an estimate and paid on time in full - not sure when this changed or why I was never told by the office or insurance company.  Regardless, I called over 5 times to discuss a payment plan with the office.  When I first emailed them, I was told I could choose the amount with which I wanted to pay to cover the amount owed.  Then, I was told my amount was too low and would get a call back.  NEVER HEARD FROM THEM AGAIN.  I was very upset.  I emailed, and called so many times.  Meanwhile, I have always paid everything on time and as an upstanding person would never not pay a bill.  I have been sending them checks and they are cashing them and just not even saying a word.  Jerks.
I live in Regent Square and have been to Dunning.s about a half-dozen times over the past several years.  It was never a great restaurant, in fact, it was never even an average restaurant.  At best, the food was mediocre, and the only time that I would eat here was when I was too tired to get in my car and travel the three or so miles to the Union Grill in Oakland (which offers similar fare as Dunning.s - and does an incomparably better job of it).  Recently, however, things have taken a nosedive at Dunning's.  I now consider Dunning's to be the single worst restaurant in the city that I've ever had the misfortune of entering.    I recently had the worst restaurant service experience of my life at Dunning's when our waitress first ignored our party, then hurried us through our order, then left us sit for over 20 minutes waiting for food with empty drinks.  We then received terrible food (soggy sandwiches, brown lettuce in a salad, and cold french fries - stone cold), and when we complained about our fries, the waitress launched into an angry tirade (nearly yelling at us) about how it wasn't her fault, that she just picks up the food, and that there wasn't anything she could do about it.  When I asked to speak to the manager, he just shook his head sadly and offered us free desserts.  I told him that I didn't want to eat anything that came out of a kitchen that clearly showed that the people working in it simply didn't care - at all, and we didn't want to eat anything, not even the food sitting in front of us, and just wanted to pay our bill and leave.  He said that he was going to "comp" our meal.    It was a disastrous experience - the single worst restaurant experience of my life - and I will never return until the restaurant is under new management.  It is crystal-clear that the current manager and/or owner isn't doing his job, and I cannot understand how anyone would choose to spend their hard-earned money at this establishment when virtually every other restaurant in town offers far better service and food.    In short: no one - not the manager, not the waitresses, not the cooks - cares about the customer.  Not at all.
I've lived around the corner from here for about 2 years and just stopped by for the first time a few weeks ago- I regret this decision.  It seems like a neighborhood-type place where people just keep coming back because they've been going for years. Mostly older clientele and families with young kids.   We were there around 6pm on a Saturday. It filled up pretty quickly after that. I ordered the steak bruschetta, medium. The flavor was good, but the meat was so chewy I couldn't swallow anything larger than a dime-sized chunk. The garlic toast that the meat/tomatoes were on was burnt.  Someone else in my party ordered the soup of the day- I don't remember what it was but it looked like green mush. She didn't like it, and politely mentioned to the server that she didn't enjoy it. The server said that they had been thinking the same thing- they wouldn't want to try it either- and took it away without offering an apology or a replacement.   I wasn't expecting a 5-star restaurant walking into this place, but I expected more than crappy service and bad food. There are so many better places on that block of Braddock alone- go somewhere else.
Laundry Machines are a ripoff $2.75 double loader did not clean, I did not even witness that much water inside the front loader, then I used top loading washing machine, put in on warm water cold & the machine agitated like it was on it's last leg $2.00, $4.75 latter, on to the dryers um $0.25 for five minutes five minutes, "RUN" don't use this laundromat ...
This place continues to be a joke.  The service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse.    My order is never right and yet I still go...never again.    I officially deem this place the worst restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Worst service.  Dirty.  Slow.  Ignorant by the strictest definition.  Do not go here.  Bad!  Real bad.
Inattentive staff.  Dirty tables, I agree with the other reviews here.  I think the "Manager" only hires other smokers, and they spend 90% of their time sitting outside smoking, instead of being prepared to serve customers.    I go there because sometimes it's convenient, b/c of the location, but last week they left their A/C broken for over a week (in 80+ degree weather).  No additional fans, nothing.  Then when it was fixed, I went in, ordered coffee and an order of hummus/carrot/celery (prepackaged).  Not only was the hummus watery from sitting in that container for several days, but the celery was rotting at the ends, yes brown and rotting.  I showed the kid working there, who was probably jonesing to have his next cigarette, and I asked for another one.  Without opening it I could see at least 2-3 of the other servings of hummus were also all watery and had celery that was starting to rot, just like the one I was given.  I asked for my money back.  You know what was the worst thing, though?  The kid (he knows nothing about customer service let alone food service) put the containers with the watery, rotting celery back in the case, to serve to other unsuspecting customers!  Hello, Allegheny County Health Department?....  Then the ultimate insult: 2 kids came in selling candy bars.  I've seen this there before, but this time, I said to them: "You know, this is a business, you shouldn't be here."  Well, the older of the 2 girls (probably 11-12 at most - where is her mother?) put her hands on her hips and said in a smart-ass tone: "We asked da owner, we is allowed ta be here."  Well, that coffee I spent $2 on?  That is the last money I will spend in that place.  Disgusting.
My guess is that "Ruth K." was put up to writing a nice review by the staff or owner.  Regent Square deserves a better coffee shop, run by someone with good business sense.  What kind of a "business" only prepares food (chicken/tuna salad, hummus) once a week?  Does chicken salad hold a week in your fridge?  Also, whenever they lose an employee, they just shuffle their schedule and close at 6 pm for a few months.  They should be open till 10 pm as it is, with all the foot traffic in the neighborhood, especially in the summer. My guess is they see this place as nothing more than a loss leader for the bar they own next door.   Otherwise you would think that since opening in 1995 they could at least take the time to slap a coat of fresh paint on the place!  BTW, Katerbean did go smoke free before the Allegheny County ordinance went into effect, but the place to this day reeks of stale smoke.  Added note: looks like my previous review was somehow deleted.  I'll just say I received an order of hummus that was watery and had rotting celery in it.  Tried to get another and 3 or 4 of the orders in the case were all in the same condition. I asked for a refund, and afterwards watched the kid working there put the other containers back in the cooler to sell to other customers. That was the last straw.  I won't spend another dollar there.
I really want this place to be awesome, because, yet again, I want Regent Square to be an up and coming area.  This place has been here for years, and as I sit drinking my bitter, bitter coffee, and smelling the overwhelming scent of (I believe) dog pee, I wonder how it's even possible.    The three times I've been here, I'm greeted as if I'm a colonial space marine trying to fish a child out of a vent.  They always sit in the corner peeking over the top of the counter as if I am terrifying to them, then duck out of the way.  Then grudgingly come when I peek around the counter at them.  If I didn't, I'm convinced that they would just sit there, as if they're not certain of what position they hold in this place, or what the next step should even be.  This is what I like to call, "The Dance of Shitty Customer Service."    Today (and I write this longingly looking over at Square Cafe) I decided to give it a chance because it never is crowded, and I figured the quiet would be a good thing.  The girl at the counter was on the phone, and that's the way it stayed for two minutes until I said 'excuse me?'.  The charming reply: "Yeah?" She grudgingly got off the phone, and after accomplishing the Herculean task of handing me a cup, I pumped this swill that I'm currently drinking.  She's currently muttering under her breath back in her corner.  I'm not sure if maybe she's having a bad day, or she's just an asshole, but...if I had to bet, I'm going with asshole.  This place has pretty expensive coffee for how awful it is, and the food...Just don't eat the food.    (side note: this place isn't quiet at all when somebody orders something.  She stomps around like she's being sent to her room.  Then continues muttering)  Okay, so this place is a travesty.  Bad coffee, bad odor, bad lighting, unbelievably bad, grudging service.  I would beg the owners to put any effort into this place.  As it is now, it's cornered the market in Regent Square, and sits like a middle finger boastfully pointing at the people of Braddock Avenue.
Ughhhh, Katerbean is the abusive boyfriend that I keep coming back to and hate myself for it. There is nothing else around and convenience wins today due to the snow, and my extreme exhaustion and need for caffiene.  Why, do you ask? I just asked the gal behind the counter, kindly, if I could borrow a pen for a moment. I got an annoyed sigh, an eye roll  and zero eyecontact. Really? I asked for a pen, not a kidney.   My pleading for a coffee shop intervention from someone, anyone, is now a red alert! Help us RS residents, please!
Is it possible to give zero stars?  If so, Katerbean would rate a zero.  Bad atmosphere, unfriendly employees, slow and reluctant service, pump your own coffee, dingy interior, dirty tables.  If they only had telescreens which couldn't be switched off, then this place would be a perfect setting to film Orwell's "1984".
This place is now closed :-). Best thing that could've been done with it.  Going to opn in a couple of months under new management as the 61B café. I look forward to seeing what some new life does to this place!
This place has gone downhill tremendously. I just had a baby roach drop out of the takeout bag. Never again.
All I can say for this place is that if you were starving in the desert and stumbled upon it you'd actually might rather starve to death.  The dressing was good. But if im looking for a hoagie I'd rather go to GetGo. First and last visit.
This store is so gross that I was almost sick! Onions peeled and half-rotten. Squishy garlic. Dirt everywhere. I will NEVER step foot in this place again.
Security guard confronted me at the door at 10:50 pm like I was scum and an idiot for shopping near the end of his shift/closing time. He wanted to know what I was going to get. I told him some stuff. He told me I had about 3 minutes to get it. I informed him I had about 10 minutes. He told me I would be out of the store by 11. He proceeded to follow me through the store. I sought out the manager who seemed to think this was great customer service. I left my intended purchases and walked out without buying. I haven't been back since. I am a professional. I had taken off my tie and my sleeves were rolled up a 1/4.   Made an online complaint. No reply.
Review is for the Dress for Success dry cleaner.   Dropped off two suits and a dress on a Friday. Was told they would be ready Sunday. Werent ready until Wednesday. Was then told it was because memorial day caused a delay. Shouldn't have mattered as they were supposed to be done beforehand and even then they should have been done Tuesday at the minimum.   Caused a problem because even some basic stains weren't touched and didn't have time to take them elsewhere before going to a wedding.   Six days and it cost 33 dollars. Would have been 26 at thirty cleaners in Oakland to be done the same day.   Just terrible. Just go elsewhere. Not even remotely convenient.
One of the worst Wendy's I've ever experienced.  Every morning there was a 30-minute wait - after ordering - for food.
Didn't get all of the items I ordered AND PAID FOR! What's worse is, I wasn't given a receipt so I can't even prove they forgot to give me something! When I called corporate to tell them of this, they said I could just go back and since I had some food in hand that I should get what was missing... with no receipt (I don't think so) she decided to give me the store number instead so I can inform the manager before driving there. So they gave me the number and all it is is BUSY, the few times you can get through it's a dial-up set of tones that are ear piercing! We also didn't get straws, or utensils for our food. Though, there wasn't hardly any wait at all so I must have been lucky there, but not lucky enough for good service!
This store is absolutely horrid (as is the majority of the shopping complex in which it is located). It is dirty and the employees are lazy and exceptionally slow. Most Wal-Mart stores have a checkout speed twice as fast as this Kmart, and that is really saying something.
Wow. I hope that the one experience I had here was unique and not the norm for frequent customers. All I wanted to do was to buy some thermal socks (which they didn't even have any for men!  ???). I just ended up grabbing the next best thing (Oddly, they did have thermal socks for women which I almost purchased). I go stand in the check out line, and I don't think I've ever dealt with slower people than those who work here (and that's saying something). Not one, but two of the registers I stood in line at froze, and the women had to wait for the manager to fix.  They didn't seem to mind at all, which leads me to believe this happens all of the time. I waited for my beau who bought something after I did: another 15 minute wait.  Needless to say, I will not go here again.
First off, I like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible. Sometimes that's not possible - in the future I'll avoid this one no matter what.  Its always a zoo, the servers are not interested in what they are doing, and do it poorly. Food comes out of order or not at all. The managers don't care.   We actually had a waitress spill the soup, catch most of it in her hand, and dump it back in right in front of us. Then she gave it to us before thinking to ask if we wanted another.   Just go anywhere else, it can't be worse!
Normally one would think, one chain restaurant is just like the rest but I have had nothing but problems here. The staff appears to be constantly changing as does the managers which should tell you something. I've been there for lunch and dinner and continue to have issues. Here are just some of the problems that we have had: a co-worker had an entire glass of iced tea dropped on him and nothing was comped on his check; we have had to wait a very long time for our orders to be taken; I ordered the pick 2 and was told that the soup could not possibly come out first(even though I've done this before); they have argued with us over what the meal is supposed to come with to the point of us showing them a picture; and staff does not appear to be properly trained.
Another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff! Still sitting here waiting for someone to give a care.  So, we finally got the attention of a server who was not our server, Michael. She was kind enough to take my steak back to the kitchen. Michael, our server, finally shows up 10 minutes later with a half-hearted apology and to let me know that my steak was being prepared again. He does not offer to refill our drink glasses that have now been sitting empty for 20 minutes. The manager makes an appearance and brings me a strip steak that looks rare from the sight of it. He informs me that my steak is on him and apologizes. He goes away. I cut into my steak and it's, you guessed it, Pittsburgh Rare. I asked for medium rare. He returns and I tell him that the chef needs to go back to culinary school and learn how to prepare a steak. The manager apologizes again and asks me if I want to take this pathetic piece of beef home with me! Not only is it rare but it's a cheap cut of strip steak that is loaded with connective gristle. I said no thanks. He comped my husband's meal and we left. I never hope for people to lose their jobs but the cook and the server really need some serious retraining! I will never go back to this Applebee's again.
Takeout is a mess at this location. In the past I've had to wait 30 minutes past the time they gave for pickup, and sit on hold for 15+ minutes only to find out it was because they didn't have anyone manning the phone. The last time they didn't include an entree we'd ordered, and a month later have failed to send a gift card to make up for the cost.
Benihana.  It's just rolls off the tongue, doesn't it?  No, unfortunately not.at.all...anymore.  From hence forth, all mentions of Benihana are likely to cause anxiety in my usually calm heart.  I hate complaining like this. I really do. But sometimes, you just have to, ya know?  Tuesday evening I met a group of friends for a birthday dinner.  The reservation for our party of nine was for 7:00pm.  All but one of our party arrived prior to 7:00, but the hostess was curt in explaining that all party members needed to be present before we were seated, as our chef would be ready to begin meal preparation as soon as we were seated.  Fortunately, the final member of our party arrived shortly and we were seated at 7:05pm.  It was not until 7:40pm that first contact with our server was made. Without any apology for the delay she took our drink orders.  She (name withheld because I don't want to be rude) returned more than 10 minutes later with our drinks, but waited another 10-15 minutes after that to take our dinner orders.  As I was waiting I looked over at the table next to us, who were also clearly celebrating a child's birthday.  At one point the mother (I'm assuming) smiled at me and said, "I hope you get out before midnight. We've been here over two hours.  We're taking our cake and getting out of here."  Upon taking our orders, one of our guests explained that due to a shrimp allergy it was necessary to cook any shrimp ordered by our group in another area (a neighboring grill, etc.).  Our server said that she would have to ask the manager, who came to our table shortly thereafter.  When the manager arrived at the table my guest explained her allergy and his response was that it might be in her best interest to leave.  I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt that he meant leaving the table, not the restaurant, but I'm not certain of this. Following this recommendation he mentioned that she could wait in the bar as the rest of us dined table-side.  I asked him why it was not an option to prepare the shrimp at a neighboring table, but he expressed concern that other customers may require the use of the other available tables.  I understand his point, but the restaurant was near-empty as the hour quickly approached 8:30pm.  Finally, he offered to prepare the shrimp portions of our meals in the kitchen.  I'm not sure why this wasn't initially mentioned as an option, but I'll leave it at that.    Our chef Tom eventually arrived at our table. He was very pleasant and efficient during the course of our meal preparation.  During his time at the table my Emperor's Salad was delivered, as were the majority of my table's sushi orders.  However, two of our guests that ordered sushi were not served at this time.  In fact, they were not served until a full 10 minutes after the rest of our party finished our meals.  At one point, they inquired about the delay to she-whose-name-shall-not-be-mentioned, who responded that they were "waiting for the rice."  When she delivered their food there was not a single mention of the delay.    Two hours and thirty+ minutes after we arrived at Benihana, we left.  From start to finish, the entire evening was a terrible experience.  It was ridiculous to the point that there was not even soap or toilet paper available in the restroom.  Were it not for the kindness and professionalism of Tom (and the awesome company of friends), the night would have been a complete waste.    My final thought is this. The food was fine, but because I was feeling particularly piggish on this Tuesday evening, I enjoyed two California rolls from my stash of Costco sushi at home before departing for the restaurant. The difference between Costco's rolls and Benihana's...a toss up - just sayin.  The good news is, this will give my friends something to whine about for YEARS to come...
This is by the far the worst hibachi restaurant I have eaten at. The food is very bland from the onion soup to the fried rice (which basically was white rice with chopped onions) to the chicken (which was so pale it looked like it was boiled). Hibachi food typically has tons of flavor and tastes good because it has some grill marks and char, which none of our food had. I question whether it was even cooked on the hibachi table (we ate at a regular table but ordered from the hibachi menu). Not only was the food bad but the service was terrible. Our waiter didn't even know that hibachi dinners should come with the two sauces, he acted confused when I asked for them. Additionally, we ordered a sushi roll for an appetizer and instead of getting it before dinner, we received it after our dinner even though we saw it sitting at the sushi bar for a good 15 minutes beforehand. This restaurant may have been around for a long time but it doesn't even compare to other hibachi restaurants and was more expensive than any other I've eaten at.
This place is crappy the only veggies u get is onions and zucchinis took the server 30 min to serv us drinks then took them 20 min to take orders by the time the chef comes out already an hour just for the food and the show after we ate our waiter didnt even recommend anny desserts just gave us the chek and leave with out saying anny thing els o i for got we were still eating like wtf im still eating and so was mi family and u just give me the check the chef just left like five min ago . I recamen go sime where els n eat
This is the WORST Hibachi I have ever had.  We came here for a friends birthday, and I will never be going back. Service was mediocre, but the food was the real travesty. You go to Hibachi for a show, but it's not fun when the cook makes the SAME Giant Eagle joke the entire time.  He also couldn't perform all the tricks that are pretty standard from Hibachi chefs.  The food. Not good.  My boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle.  He didn't bother to have the guy heat it more, b/c it would have just been a hassle.  The chef forgot one friends meal completely and got rude with the server.  Then after everything was cooked, he looked at me and asked did you eat all your shrimp. I replied "no, you never served me any." (I had ordered the chicken and shrimp.)  He then sends the server back into the kitchen to get more. By the time they were cooked, everyone was finished eating.  Come on.  To make matters worse, when we left we saw that he was the head chef. That doesn't say too much for the rest of them.  I don't know how people keep coming here.  There is WAY better hibachi in Pittsburgh, for a lot less money.  I mean honestly, I paid $9.50 for a glass of Kendall Jackson. No.  The best part of the meal were the cupcakes that my friend brought.  Do your wallet and your stomach a favor and go to a different Hibachi place.  Benihana is not worth your time or money.
My family and I have been going to Benihana for about 5 years now. We've always had to wait at least a half an hour to be seated, even when we've had reservations. In the past its been forgivable, mostly because its close to home for us, the food is okay (albeit a little pricey), and my Grandmother absolutely loves the entertainment of hibachi. But that all changed last night when we went out with a party of 8 for my and my mothers birthday.   I made reservations two weeks in advance for our birthday dinner. When I called they were almost totally booked and only had a few spots left that evening. Our reservations were for 7:30.   We arrive a little early at 7:20 and I let the hostess know that we are there and she checks us in. Then we basically just wait and wait and wait. We notice the hostess turning people away, and we notice two tables who have been seated for about 30 minutes now haven't even gotten their soups or salads. By now its nearly 8 O'clock. Then my mother overhears the hostess telling someone that they are short staffed and the wait is going to be extremely long. By this point we've been waiting for 45 minutes. My sister takes a walk through the restaurant and notices there is only 1 hibachi chef working, but there are SEVEN tables seated, all waiting for food/drinks. So I ask the hostess how much longer before we are seated. She informs me that it will be at least another half an hour before we get a table, because two hibachi chefs and two kitchen chefs called off sick. It would be another hour after were seated before they would even start taking our food orders.   This is TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE. First of all, the hostess should have informed us when we arrived that they were short staffed and we would have a very very long wait. OR, the manager should have phoned people with reservations and asked if they could reschedule. Either way, we should have been informed instead of letting us stand in the lobby for an hour, not knowing that it would be another hour and a half before we would actually eat, on an evening when we had reservations.   We decided to call Ichiban to see if they could accommodate us. They told us we could walk right in and be seated immediately. As we were leaving we ran into a gentleman who was outside smoking who told us that his party had reservations for 6:30 and they still had not ordered their food! It was now about 8:20pm.   Our first dinner at Ichiban actually turned out to be much better than our previous dinners at Benihana, so I don't think we'll ever be going back there. I think Ichiban will be our new hibachi restaurant of choice.
Where do I start?  The horrible location?  The hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating?  Or do I skip right to the waiter?  For those of you who have lack of taste, enjoy employees at a restaurant that seem they could not care less about their job, or even enjoy sushi not made the correct way,  Even if you love establishments that hire employees that seem to not care for quality of food or knowledge of food.  I HIGHLY suggest you go here. When we arrived at this location (which opened up 15 minutes prior to us getting there) we noticed a few individuals already sitting at their tables enjoying themselves, so we figured we'd be sat right away.  Instead we were then informed by the hostess to please wait for a few minutes because they were getting our table ready.  Ready for what?  We weren't even asked how many individuals would be dining nor if we wanted Hibachi or the sushi bar.  After we found a seat by ourselves we awaited approximately for about 10 minutes for a waiter to give us our menus.  After receiving our menus from our mute friendly waiter we were asked if we were ready to place our order.  Our starters consisted of Spicy Seafood soup, Edimame, and Shrimp Tempura.  After a few more minutes we decided we wanted to enjoy Sushi for lunch and so we placed our order to the waiter and asked if our starters were about ready in which he replied yes they should be out shortly.  Instead 2 of our 4 Sushi orders come out followed by Edimame and then followed by the Shrimp Tempura 5 minutes after that.  We then proceeded to ask about the soup and rest of our Sushi order, we were informed the soup takes a very long time and that the Sushi was being made still.  (we understood why the Sushi may take a little more time due to what we ordered)  The Edimame was very delicious, but the Shrimp Tempura had me baffled at what we had ordered and why the cost was $8 for the very small portioned flavorless Tempura, which included I'm assuming a thousand island dressing for some reason?  It was definitely not your normal Tempura sauce in which we've enjoyed many times before in other Benihana locations.  As we get our 2nd batch of Sushi our soup was still NOT ready.  Is this a lack of service, food staff, or poor kitchen management with untrained so called "Chefs"?  We decided it was best to simply cancel the soup in which then we were coincidentally informed the soup was ready and if we still wanted it.  During this whole ordeal, we had not seen our original waiter since we had placed our orders and instead had 2 other employees that had no clue what we ordered and had to run back and forth asking what we had and what we were waiting for still.  I wouldn't have minded being informed our original waiter was busy and they were going to take over for him, had our order been alright, or even if had our food been tasty.  The Tempura was horrible, the Sushi was questionable, and the service was beyond ridiculous.  If you're wondering what was so bad about the Sushi, I'll make it simple for you.  Looks and taste both scored a 3 out of 10.  Lack of knowledge of the Sushi from the employees should of been a red flag to us from the get go, instead we took a chance.  We love Benihanas, but never again at this location.  From our experience with Hibachi type establishments we've always encountered great personalities, great service, and tasty food that left us wanting to come back for that experience.  Instead we left with a sour taste in our mouths and with about $60 less in our pockets.
Where do I start?  The horrible location?  The hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating?  Or do I skip right to the waiter?  For those of you who have lack of taste, enjoy employees at a restaurant that seem they could not care less about their job, or even enjoy sushi not made the correct way,  Even if you love establishments that hire employees that seem to not care for quality of food or knowledge of food.  I HIGHLY suggest you go here. When we arrived at this location (which opened up 15 minutes prior to us getting there) we noticed a few individuals already sitting at their tables enjoying themselves, so we figured we'd be sat right away.  Instead we were then informed by the hostess to please wait for a few minutes because they were getting our table ready.  Ready for what?  We weren't even asked how many individuals would be dining nor if we wanted Hibachi or the sushi bar.  After we found a seat by ourselves we awaited approximately for about 10 minutes for a waiter to give us our menus.  After receiving our menus from our mute friendly waiter we were asked if we were ready to place our order.  Our starters consisted of Spicy Seafood soup, Edimame, and Shrimp Tempura.  After a few more minutes we decided we wanted to enjoy Sushi for lunch and so we placed our order to the waiter and asked if our starters were about ready in which he replied yes they should be out shortly.  Instead 2 of our 4 Sushi orders come out followed by Edimame and then followed by the Shrimp Tempura 5 minutes after that.  We then proceeded to ask about the soup and rest of our Sushi order, we were informed the soup takes a very long time and that the Sushi was being made still.  (we understood why the Sushi may take a little more time due to what we ordered)  The Edimame was very delicious, but the Shrimp Tempura had me baffled at what we had ordered and why the cost was $8 for the very small portioned flavorless Tempura, which included I'm assuming a thousand island dressing for some reason?  It was definitely not your normal Tempura sauce in which we've enjoyed many times before in other Benihana locations.  As we get our 2nd batch of Sushi our soup was still NOT ready.  Is this a lack of service, food staff, or poor kitchen management with untrained so called "Chefs"?  We decided it was best to simply cancel the soup in which then we were coincidentally informed the soup was ready and if we still wanted it.  During this whole ordeal, we had not seen our original waiter since we had placed our orders and instead had 2 other employees that had no clue what we ordered and had to run back and forth asking what we had and what we were waiting for still.  I wouldn't have minded being informed our original waiter was busy and they were going to take over for him, had our order been alright, or even if had our food been tasty.  The Tempura was horrible, the Sushi was questionable, and the service was beyond ridiculous.  If you're wondering what was so bad about the Sushi, I'll make it simple for you.  Looks and taste both scored a 3 out of 10.  Lack of knowledge of the Sushi from the employees should of been a red flag to us from the get go, instead we took a chance.  We love Benihanas, but never again at this location.  From our experience with Hibachi type establishments we've always encountered great personalities, great service, and tasty food that left us wanting to come back for that experience.  Instead we left with a sour taste in our mouths and with about $60 less in our pockets.
Seems my review was filtered so I'll share my 2 cents again, this place is sad.  Awful service, awful food, and the lack of knowledge is a smack in a real Chef's face.
The absolutely WORST hibachi experience I've every had in my life! It was my granddaughter's 4th birthday and thought she'd get a kick out of a hibachi chef. Fist we wait 45 mins or so to be seated. The restaurant wasn't even half full. We chose the dinner portion instead of the lunch because by this time we were very hungry and the waitress said we would get larger portions. She lied. Our hibachi chef was absolutely horrible! He spoke so softly that you couldn't hear anything he said. He barely spoke and didn't put on any kind of show at all! Our 4 year old was so bored that she wanted to leave. The other party that was seated with us all ordered the lunch versions and they got more food! The chef mixed everything together so no one got a larger portion than anyone else. The only thing that we got instead of them was a half a slice of zuccini and a little bit of onions. None of us even like onions. My "steak" was at least 1/4 fat which the chef cut off and disposed of which didn't even leave enough for a small sandwich. By the time our main course was served our vegetables and rice were ice cold. We asked to speak to the manager who told us that they weigh the portions in the back before they bring them out to cook them. However like I said the chicken was all mixed together and at least 1/4 of my steak was complete fat and thrown out. The manager didn't seem to care at all about our situation. We paid almost $10 a meal extra for the "dinner" portion. He could have easily knocked it down to the "lunch" price, but he refused. After all this, we over heard another chef complaining that the place had new owners and everyone quit.  I for one will never, EVER, go back there and would suggest everyone who reads this to stay away. We feel completely cheated.
If it isn't broken please for the love of god leave it alone!! I have had the good fortune to eat at and experience some really fine restaurants around the country. So it may suprise some that locally two chains never failed to bring me back again and again. Benihana was one of them. Sometimes I ate there 4 or 5 times a month. Imagine my disappointment when twice I order my "go to" chicken and shrimp only to find shrimp is now colossal shrimp that had the consistency of shoe leather and mushrooms apparently don't apply. Service consisted of being scorned by an older Asian lady and told "it will be a while" to get my order corrected because they are busy! Then while I wait at the bar I ask about my favorite bartender I'm told oh they fired is ass! Truly more info than I needed! Especially from the new bartender with no personality that took forever (I was alone empty bar) to serve me my ten dollar gin and tonic. Looks like I'll be sampling one of the many Japanese steak houses not called benihana in the future. W h at a shame. How can someone take a restaurant that was so good and ruin it so fast? It really must take some effort. I just hate to see it. I used to love this place.
Extremely disappointed, food was absolutely awful.  We sat at the bar and ordered from there.  Benihana special rice tasted like overcooked white rice with salt and chicken stock poured over it.  Our vegetables were so soft, they all tasted the same, mushy.  My sushi (Hamachi) had a 1.5" x .5" piece of underbelly still attached and was also inedible.  Our chicken was flavorless and rubbery.   To top it off our server was uncaring and disinterested.  This will be our last trip here as there are now much better options.  It's too bad a once gold standard restaurant is not any longer.
Went for a friend's birthday and had the worst experience ever. We waited a while to order food once we received drinks. The waitress  wasn't very good at explaining the menu, we then sat and waited at least a half hour before a chef arrived -only to tell us that he was taking another table and we're getting a new chef...the chicken was chewy and undercooked, and 2 people at our table didn't receive what they ordered. When it was time for checks the waitress became standoff - ish with us telling us that someone needed to pay for the food that wasn't received because she has nothing to do with the chefs. We requested the manager and explained that our chicken was undercooked. He actually ate the chicken off of a plate and told us it was fine! !!! At the end of it all, the waitress didn't even know her managers name and was bashing him to our party. Very unprofessional.  I won't eat there again, and will be sure to advise others to do the same
I rate this as a one star, the server was the bartender and our server during happy hour! How is that a good idea? The presentation of the food was awful. Compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite.
This is the worst hibachi restaurant in Pittsburgh. The service was very slow and the food was not good for the price that is charged. The food was cold and everything was flavorless. The salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner. The chicken was also extremely dry. Nakama or ichiban are way better choices in Pittsburgh.
This is place is no longer what it used to be. We went LATE on a Tuesday night and they said that they couldn't seat us for 30 minutes unless we wanted to sit at the bar even though it looked as though plenty of tables were open. We sat at the bar and looked at a menu as we just wanted to order sushi anyway. Both the drinks and the sushi were astronomical in price. Also, they didn't have much of a sushi menu at all. It was really disappointing. We actually just left and went somewhere else.
My older brother is special needs and has some personal dietary restrictions. He lives in a care home a few hours away, so when he visited us in Pittsburgh a little while back, I really thought it would be fun for him to experience Hibachi for the first time. I had read some rave reviews about how accommodating Benihana had been in other locations, so we decided to visit Benihana in Greentree. My brother was so excited.  It was almost 10 pm, so we called first to see if they were still seating. They said yes. The place was completely empty. Our waitress was lovely. We told her we wanted to try and make sure my brother had the closest Hibachi experience he could with his dietary limits. One part of my brother's disability is that he only eats the same foods every day and cannot deviate.   I asked if we could substitute chicken for shrimp for the appetizer (assuming there would probably be a small up-charge). We also asked that instead of rice or noodles, if, with his steak dinner, he could just have extra vegetables (again, assuming that there may be a small up-charge). Our waitress was very understanding, but said that she had to check with the manager first. She came back and said the manager said they couldn't accommodate.  I asked to see manager. Directly in front of my brother, the manager said that they weren't able to accommodate and crassly explained that if "he" "wanted" a chicken appetizer instead of shrimp, we would have to buy a whole chicken dinner and if "he" "wanted" extra vegetables instead of rice or noodles, we would just have to buy another dinner. I was mortified, my boyfriend was mortified, the waitress looked mortified. My brother was uncomfortable and embarrassed and just kept staring down.  This was not the experience I was hoping my brother to have ... a gross display of disgusting and careless discrimination that has made me hurt for him his entire life. He shouldn't have been put in that position.  In case there was any confusion, I calmly made one last ditch effort to privately explain to the manager about my brother, but it was to no avail. I was livid. We paid for our one round of drinks, tipped the waitress - whose compassion touched my heart - and left.  I have to admit, I contemplated escalating this.   Shame on you Benihana. If that manager still has his job, I would suggest some kind of training on how to be a decent human being and not make others feel like they are a second class citizen just because they may be a little different from you. It's 2016. Get with the program.  ***Also, in case you're wondering, my brother has since been back to Pittsburgh for a visit and did get to have his first Hibachi at Saga in Robinson. They were wonderful, accommodating and respectful.
Dirty place and horrible service. Disappointed because it use to be good but now it's crappy
We went to the Mad Mex in Cranberry Twp and won't make the mistake of going back.   The food was horribly hot, like they just toss in heat for heat's sake, rather than for taste. I ordered the mole chicken enchiladas and that was NOT any kind of mole I've ever had. The sauce was more like a weak, thin ranchero sauce and both the sauce and the chicken was too hot. Even the guacamole was too hot.   I recognize this restaurant chain is trying to be a trendy "fusion" of Tex-Mex and CA, but they failed. Luckily, they are in the same parking lot as a pharmacy so I was able to walk straight over for some Tums.  If you want GOOD Tex-Mex, go to El Campo in Monaca or El Paso Mexican Grill in Chippewa. Both restaurants are excellent examples of good Tex-Mex, similar to the styles typically served in Central California.
I went to mad mex for dinner on a Friday night. It was very noisy and I do not recommend for kids. The chicken fajita was over cooked, dry, and charred. Everything was overpriced; drinks, entrees, and dessert.
This afternoon I took my 4 year old to this mad mex for lunch after a great morning swimming and doing a yoga class.  We had to send back our food because the chicken was stone cold (even though surrounded by sizzling veggies on a skillet).  It seemed like it was yesterday's chicken.  They brought out fresh food and I'm kicking myself for having eaten it.  The rest of our day has been spent cleaning up food poisoning accidents and in the bathroom.
While I LOVE Mad Mex, this one is to be avoided.  For whatever reason, they always seem to manage to mess up orders and on a couple of occassions, I've just not felt well after eating there.  Because it's a BB, I just keep thinking I had to be wrong about that.  But after waking up in the middle of the night with all sorts of unpleasant stomach issues, I've had to write this location off.  Go to Robinson instead... (Or BB, please, please get a new KM for this location!)
Horrible service. I mean HORRIBLE.   Went during a non-peak time. Pretty quiet in there, not a lot going on. Three employees who were sitting around chatting watched me and my my disabled, elderly friend stand and wait for long, endless minutes without doing anything. I finally went over to the bartender - also hanging out and chatting and watching us stand there - to ask if a hostess was available. Her response? "Oh, I can seat you."  Really? Then why did I have to ask you to!?  Then, the young male waiter assigned to our table just laughed when my companion asked where the restrooms are. WTF?  Look, guys, that would be crummy service to anyone, but to treat an elderly person with a disability like that is just unconscionable.   We left and won't be back.
Service was mediocre but the food was poor. Burnt chicken in the burrito. My friends burrito which was supposed to be primarily vegetables was about 100% rice. There was no mole sauce as described in the dish. The frozen margaritas were horrible although the regular margaritas where decent but nothing to write home about. There was a charge for chips and salsa for sitting across from the bar but nothing at the bar. This was explained to us before we ordered. The more I think about it the more I can understand that policy. It's bizarre that you can't sit at a table in the bar and order the same food as at the bar and be charged the same price. This restaurant has really gone downhill over the last few years. And I'll never go there again.
Went to bar. Waited 10 minutes for drink, waitress got my order wrong. Not worth the trip.
I'm a big fan of Mad Mex, but this location in particular seems to have some problems. Service is unusually slow and inattentive. On our most recent visit, they advertised the return of the Gobblerito and Pumking beer for one day only. After we were seated, we were told that both had sold out. If you don't have a heavily advertised item available, it's probably a good idea to inform your customers before they are seated.   I'd recommend both the Shadyside and Monroeville locations over this one.
do yourself a favor and find another pizza location.  I am a ten minute drive from this location. order was supposed to take an hour and fifteen minutes. when it was a half hour late I called and the manager said they called and were at my door.  I've had no calls and was on my porch all day, only person who showed up was the mailman. the manager then called me back and said he believed his driver was lying and he was - as a courtesy to me - going to rewarm my two hour late pizza in the oven and send it over to me as soon as possible.
Can you give a company zero stars?  This place makes you feel unwelcome and dumb.  The staff is judgmental and assigns you tasks solely based on their reaction to you.  Aka, assigning us the most mundane task and then taking it away and giving it to another couple because we weren't fast enough...We went on Valentines day, food tasted just OK..and the staff leading the group was HORRIBLE.  Not even remotely worth the cost if you will be treated like an imbecile.
Dirty and small.  Not laid out well.  Expired items on the shelves.  Rude cashiers.  Self check out usually broken.  Horrible experience more than once.  I don't shop here unless I have to.
Store is too small and always crowded. Managers and workers are rude and condescending. Actually just had an awful experience with a manager named Chris. His attitude toward me made me feel putoff. It made me want to leave the store after. I have witnessed him being rude and condescending to other customers too. I just don't feel as though this store has hired workers with good customer service skills, especially this manager Chris.
Obviously, you aren't coming here because it is in any way cool, or because of the 80's decor. You got kids with you or others whose palette doesn't extend past burgers and fries. These limitations can be overlooked. What can't be forgiven, however, is the shabbiness of this place. It looks like it gets vacuumed once a week, and the bathrooms are disgusting.
Went there on my first day in Pittsburg. Wasn't the best experience. My waitress was to busy talking to her coworkers that she couldn't even give us any sauces. The food was ok but nothing to great. When I go back to Pittsburg I will not be going there again!!!!
Absolutely horrible service, when we entered the hostess gave an audible sigh like we were inconveniencing her with our presence.  We were seated for over 10 minutes and never had a server come to even take drink orders.  Needless to say we left, and we will not be going back.
I wish I could give this NO STARS!! Heed my warning - I should of listened/viewed Yelp before going... I waited 5 minutes for a hostess to come and take my name, on a Sunday, at 5:30 to eat. This place was not packed. Why??  While waiting, I used the ladies restroom. Let me tell you... I've seen cleaner restrooms at a truck stop. Good gosh - it was disgusting. There were two stalls and one of them was disgusting, from what the other ladies were discussing while waiting for the I was in. There was paper all over the floors - really?? Doesn't anyone come and check this? So I go back out and we get seated. The area around us is gross, carpet is very dirty and not swept, dirty dishes on empty tables, and it looked very un-kept. Our waiter came up, I'll keep his name out of this, but he looked like he just woke up and rolled out of bed and came to work. He took our drink order and left. Came back and dropped them off and left again. Like really? your menu isn't that big! We got the pick three on the menu - comes with the tortilla soup, burger and fries and a cookie. The soup came out quick (the only good thing that happened) we finally got our food - I swear it took like 30 minutes. I got my burger and it was very pink in the middle, but had the waiter asked how I wanted my burger cooked, he would of known that I wanted it done and not pink. However, there was NO WAY I was sending it back. I didn't even eat all of it. I gave half of it to my husband to eat. The fries are very salty. NEVER did our waiter come and ask if the food was ok, how we are - nothing. RUDE! Then he comes by and says "Your cookies will be right up" - like ok? We don't get a choice of which ones we want? I guess not, so we get the cookies - they are outstanding, as always, but not worth the trip. This whole "adventure" took a hour and half. Others around us that didn't have our waiter seemed to have better service, so I am wondering if it was who waited on us? Either way, I am not going back to find out.   How disappointing, because we recently moved here to Pittsburgh from Virginia where they took out our Max and Erma's - we loved it there, so we couldn't wait to go back to one - how quickly we found out not all are the same....
HIGH PRICES, HORRIBLE SERVICE!  Model Cleaners claimed $3 per shirt, but failed to tell me that certain materials (anything but cotton) will cost $4+!!  My total bill was more than double my regular bill at my regular dry cleaners. I only went here because I had a Groupon. Huge mistake.   Absolutely stay away from any Model Cleaners. I can assure you both the service and the prices are SO much better at Red Cap Cleaners or any Runners Cleaners.  This place is a joke!
Absolutely awful service and the highest prices of any dry cleaner in or around the Pittsburgh area. Hidden fees upwards of $4.50 per shirt exist for any shirt that is not made of cotton! This wasn't made clear until I picked the shirts up from the Model Cleaners on Cochran Road in Greentree/Mt. Lebo area and received a bill upwards of $85 after expecting only a $30 charge.  The older woman that worked the front counter at this location was extremely rude and short with me... absolutely horrible experience from beginning to end. STAY AWAY
A young child is the cashier who cannot explain the services as an older woman looks from the back and observes the confusion caused by the untrained employee.....first frustration-SHE DOES NOTHING TO HELP!   The second is the lack of chairs in the front because you really need to sit down before asking how much the total bill will be.    I, as a customer, felt like I was bothering them by bringing them my business.  More competition might change the way they conduct business.  Employees bad attitudes combined with outrageous prices makes me wonder where the business sense is at.   Off to Sams....
Model Cleaners failed to deliver 4 shirts and 2 suits in June.  I called the Manager Tim, and after many phone calls, said that his driver had a malfunction with the clothes in the truck and that my suits and shirts may have been delivered to the wrong location.  He said that he would contact those who might have them.  After a few phone calls later, no shirts, no suits.  Suddenly the suits and shirts appeared on my door.  I called them to find out, and they did not know they had been delivered.  So, I am assuming they were delivered by a neighbor.  I then took inventory of my suits and found that 4 suits are missing!   I called and left a message with no answer, and also left an email.... no answer to that either.    Today I received a call from Tim, (August25), and I just can't afford to lose any more suits.  I will be doing business elsewhere.
oil change not at shop.
They don't always do the work they say they've done!  I took my car there for an oil change and three weeks later the check engine light came on.  When I took it to the dealer they said there was very little oil in the car.  I had the dealer do an oil change and checked it a month later to make sure there isn't a leak.  There isn't, the car is fine so I'm convinced NTB never did the oil change. When I went back to NTB they kindly gave me a refund with no trouble, but offered no explanation or apology.  When it comes to cars I have to be able to trust the mechanic and the Greentree Rd  NTB has proven to be untrustworthy.  I obviously will not return.
Made an appointment for an oil change, came in the next day was told there would be a 3 to 4 hour wait, Even after I  told the guy behind the counter I  made an appointment. They called me,( I gave them my number when I made the appointment)  I call them back, was put on hold 2x, finally just hung up. So incompetent I did not even get a chance to rate the actual service.
Took my car in for an inspection and was told that I needed to have a ton of work done and that - with labor - this was going to cost $900 (excluding emissions/inspect.cost) or my car wouldn't pass inspection. My partner - knowing a little more about cars than myself, thought this sounded funny. We went for a second opinion elsewhere and I'm glad we did. The place we went to concluded that one of the parts that NTB Greentree wanted me to replace was actually in good condition and after further evaluation of the vehicle, determined it would only cost me $367 to fix the car - parts AND labor. NTB still got $57 out of me for emissions and failed inspection, but they won't be getting a penny more from me ever again. Clowns.
Guy on the front desk has the attitude problem. A very poor expirence overall.
Very unprofessional got in the doors around 7:35 am (they opened at 7:30am) Walked in to hear the manager yelling over the phone to another employee who clearly didn't do his closing duites correct. I needed an oil change and tire rotation he told me that if i left my car there at 735 am it would be done by 12!? I'm trying to figure out how you're soo damn busy that my car will take 5 hours to do something that literally takes 30 mins.  1 star because you're soo busy but yet you're in your office screaming at an employee instead of getting work done. It's called customer service. That characteristic goes all throughout life.
I haven't been to Wendy's in some time now , but WOW What a disappointment .  The people all look like they HATE their jobs and treat the customers accordingly. The food was horriable. The number one meal was down sized to the 99 cent cheeseburger and the fries tasted like they were sitting in grease that was a year old. The big coke was 3/4 ice and 1/8 water and 1/8 coke.  I threw my mean in the garbage. I wont be back. If this is what Michael Obama wants us to eat ? Well lets see her and her kids eat it !  WOW Dave , I bet your turning over in your grave , you poor bastered !
This Wendy's is Terrible.  There's nothing fast about this fast food.  Go next door to Taco Bell.
Repeated my order 3 times and it still got screwed up. I had a feeling something was going to be off and sure enough....
I usually do not like posting negative reviews. However, the experience I had here last week was horrible to say the least. I asked for a trim and simple layers, but the woman that cut my hair, Tiffany, completely messed it up. I did not expect a stellar haircut because it is Supercuts and expectation is fast and easy; however, instead of receiving simple natural layers that I asked for, my hair was cut in two divided stacks. There was no continuancy from one stack to the other and it was obviously two divided layers and looked horrible that even an amateur like myself could have cut better. In addition I asked for a straight line for the ends and yet there were so many pieces that Tiffany missed and did not form a straight end. I was devastated after I got home and looked at my haircut.
Consumer alert... rats!
I love Panera and there food, but this Panera ranks lowest of the low! Poor service, menu options not available, dirty utensils. I could go on...
Because I was pregnant, I've waited anxiously for 10 months to eat a Bacon Turkey Bravo sandwich. I ordered one today and received a sub par sandwich. Instead of the amazing tomato bread I got plain rye. Instead of my favorite Gouda cheese I received American. The most amazing thing is that there is literally no bacon on my bacon turkey bravo sandwich. Wtf? I really hope that this specific Panera Bread is to blame as I would hate to stop eating at this restaurant all together.
This was by far the worst medical treatment / experience at a " medical facility" I have ever had. I recently had a major neck surgey which i was having some complications with also some low back issues. My surgeon was out of town and not able to see me for almost a month so suggested i go to urgent care for updated films and some meds. Of course they did x rays and MRI before informing me that they would not give me medication to help with the muscle spasms which keep me in pain all day and up all night. I was treated like a drug addict and very insulted. I was asking for muscle relaxer and they treated me like I was offering to go down on the staff for heroin. When i asked if i could speak to the "DR" I was cut off by the nurse and told to come back in 3 days, im assuming so they can charge for another visit. He would not even give me the courtesy of explaining my syptoms. If your intersted in padding the pockets of terrible doctors then this is the place for you. If your seeking genuine medical attention i would strongly suggest another facility.
Went to this place today thinking it was a regular "urgent care" center like MedExpress. A man in a polo shirt walked into the exam room and said, "I need a urine sample." I asked who he was and he said, "I'm Dr. ______. This is my clinic." No lab coat, no name tag, no introduction, no nothing.   He said he needed to do blood work and x-Rays to treat for an upset stomach. I felt uneasy and left.   Checking their website when I got home I discovered that this man was a nurse practitioner, not a doctor. I called the clinic to make sure this was indeed the same person. I asked who treated me and was told, "Oh, that was Dr. _____." I asked if he is a doctor and she replied, "No. He's a nurse but he goes by Dr. ______."  Isn't it illegal to misrepresent like that? This place seems shady.
I've been here before and boy has it changed, I believe it is management. Previously the waiting room was always packed which is usually a good sign. Well, this time I was the only person waiting.  Leo, the MRI Tech, took me back and explained how the processed would work and we got started. After the first five minutes had to ask to take the pillow off my lap because it was too hot. That is when he told me that the A/C was not working but since I'm claustrophobic I went on with the test.   After the MRI was finished I asked Leo if I speak the manager about the lack A/C and found out that it had been broken for three weeks and by the way the tv that they tell everyone that is there for them to view during the test is also broken.  Leo introduced to the manager, who didn't seem at all concerned and told me that he just called about it yesterday and seemed at all concerned that the patients were being subjected to temperatures of 90 degrees and above during their tests for the last three weeks.
Their service is terrible. I ordered a basket for a funeral service online on a Saturday for delivery for a 2:00 PM viewing on Monday. I wanted to order by phone but no one answered their phone on Saturday even though they were open. When I placed the order online I wasn't given an option for a receipt. I was; however, charged for the basket.   I called the office on Monday morning and was assured by an elderly man who was quick to rush me off the phone that my delivery would be on time. The delivery never made it for the daytime viewing and when I called back no one answered even though the website states the hours and it was open. I made several attempts.   Don't order from this shop if you want a timely delivery. They haven't delivered on a paid service and make it impossible to contact them.
The place looks like something from the Godfather - old school 1970 dark and gloomy wood paneling. Complete with crap brown pleather chairs and fake wood tables. The food was cooked well, but lackluster. I got veal picata which mostly had the flavor of flour and beef broth. On the plus, the staff was very nice and very attentive.   Management - you really need to update the place.
I was disappointed with the seafood salad.  There were 3 pcs. of shrimp and 4 scallops with very little salad greens for alot of money.  Not worth it since everything else is just wonderful.
A while back my Mom bought some donuts from here and they were really stale by the next day.  She called and mentioned something about it to them and they didn't even seem to care.  I like to try and support local business but with an attitude like they showed I have no use for them.  Doesn't seem to be any real set hours so you never know when they will be open.
Darren's recent review of Kmart got me thinking about this place. I was out this way recently and I stopped to look for a place to eat. Man, talk about a dead mall! Parkway Center Mall even has its own listing on www.deadmalls.com I'd only been here once or twice back in its heyday. Back then it had Chi-Chi's (where thankfully I never ate. A hepatitis scare did them in), David Weis, Pharmor, CompUsa, Syms, etc were all here.   Now the mall is mainly deserted. Only one floor is still open, and even that's got a vacancy rate of about 50%! Surprisingly what remains seems to be doing good business. Kmart is doing okay as is the Giant Eagle. Phantom of the Attic is alive and well and so is Pittsburgh Sports Deli. That's not an eatery either. It's a sports memorabilia store.   There wasn't much reason for me for me to linger here though.  I soon left and went over to Olive Garden for lunch.
What a depressing shell of a mall...   I remember when it was *the* mall to go to... CompUSA, Pharmor, Kmart, Playless, Joann Fabrics, ChiChis, Giant Eagle...   Hell, CompUSA, ChiChis and Pharmor don't even exist anymore... I'm not sure if Kmarts are still in business.   Dead malls are sad, for some reason. Walking through this mall just creepy though.
Truly the worst mall in America.  Going here is like being in a time machine though.  There is a store called "90's Nails" for goodness sakes.  How is this place even still standing?  For one, I'm pretty sure it's built on an old mine or dig or something.  My mom has told me you can feel the ground move when you are here.  Yikes!  The Sports Deli is actually a gem of a store though.  Man, the rent has to be so cheap!  I got to give a shout out to Petland (I think that's what it is/was called) the pet store in this mall where we got our Maltese pup Sno-Flake 17 years ago!  What a great dog!  :)
Honestly I don't consider this place a mall. I consider it to be the entryway I have to use to get into K-Mart. Sadly there are a few stores left still lingering around but hey, I'm sure the rent is reasonable considering the land is falling apart. Calling it a mall is like calling me an athlete it simply isn't true. When you can lists off the name of the stores on your fingers and still have a few left over then you need to go somewhere else.
Oy vey! Stay away, there's nothing here to see. Kmart, Phantom of the attic and a lottery place. This mall is dead! Deader than dead, dead dead!
I ordered food that I believed was gluten free.  Within twenty minutes I started to have symptoms and was sick for two days.  I believe that my food may have been gluten free but that cross contamination caused my problem.  I had the same experience at another Pittsburgh Olive Garden restaurant and so am concluding that they may not be careful with cross contamination.
Avoid at all costs!  They diluted my wine with water, the food was mushy, they charged me $3.25 for marinara sauce from A CAN (without informing us beforehand this injustice would be taking place)!  Typical big corporation: cut costs down to last nickel and inflate the prices so the CEO can fly in his private jet (after landing, eat at a REAL Italian restaurant) and purchase a new Bentley each year.    Visit DeBlasio's Restaurant for twice the portions; it is MUCH CHEAPER, as well.  Worst experience at a restaurant... EVER!
Ten minute wait and easily most tables are open!!! Surprise it's lunch time!!!! I just passed six tables empty and clean. Beyond me...
Been going here for years, but quality has dropped dramatically.  Went a few months ago to use a gift card, and it took an hour for our appetizers to come out, and then they had to remake our entrees (their call, not ours - they hadn't even come out yet.)  Manager was nice enough to comp our bill, which we appreciated.    This weekend, we went back, as we still had our gift card to use.  Our table and all of them around us had our entrees come out before even the bread sticks and soup arriving.  Server offered to "wrap them in foil to keep them warm until we were ready."    After this trip, both my wife and I had...digestive issues, to put it nicely.  Doubtful that I will go back.
Went to the Green Tree Olive Garden for their Buy One-Take One special.  Their Salads and breadsticks are the only real reason to go there anymore...!  All of their menu items are frozen, sitting in a freezer until you order them, then they're pulled out, microwaved and served.  I mean- if I wanted to eat microwaved food- I'd go to the freezer section of my grocery store and shop there.  Seriously- if you want good breadsticks & salad- go here... but that's the only reason.  I'd rather take the extra time & make real pasta at home, using my own sauce...
Rooms were clean and the amenities were fine. My problem is that the hotel double charged me for my stay. I reserved my room over the phone with the Holiday Inn hotline and was charged exactly what they quoted. When I get home to Virginia, I discover the hotel charged me again for the same stay, but I different amount. I only stayed one night and was charged twice. I was on the phone with 5 different people connected with Holiday Inn... NONE of them were of any help. They could either see one charge or the other (depending on who was looking); they told me to call back another time, when I am working; they insinuated I didn't know what I was talking about. All I want is to get an answer and none of these people can give an answer.   This will be the last time I stay at any Holiday Inn.  Add On: The WiFi is awful.
Hotel offers free airport shuttle and shuttle service into downtown Pittsburgh, this service is one in the same as they have one van.  We waited t the airport for over an hour and a half. Staff was not sincere with apology, were told we could have taken a cab.  We did not use the service returning to the airport.  Room was hot. Temp conrols revert back to preset by hotel, made sleeping uncomfortable.  Garage parking is unavailable and no one mentions this at check in nor is there sinage at the garage....yet it's listed as an amenity on the web site? Backing onto street from garage entrance is dangerous.  Breakfast was understaffed and totally ran out of hot and cold food, utensils and beverage...all gone! We scored an apple on day one of our trip. Took over an hour to restock, tables were filthy,  casualty of trying to restock.  No manager on duty for the busy morning rush.  They are not concerned with quality of courtesy services ie shuttle and breakfast.  Staff was argumentative.
This used to be the Holiday Inn and now it is the Clarion Hotel & Conference Center.  We needed to find a place not too far from Heinz Stadium for a reasonable price. We paid about $90 per night for this place, and the experience started poorly. We walked in and the two lobby TVs were tuned to Judge Judy (for the front desk employee's viewing pleasure). Employees watching reality TV during business hours really puts me off. It was hard to get the attention of the front desk staff because they were in the middle of a pizza order.  Two of the staff was working the front desk with a third suggesting toppings. It was pretty funny as one of clerks started to set up our room while another on the phone to the pizzeria kept interrupting the process with pizza questions. To the side the third clerk assisted with the pizza order. My wife pointed out her extreme cleavage, but I did not want to get lost there. We had a hard time understanding our clerk setting up the room. She tended to mumble, but did assert herself better when responding to pizza order questions. We finally got our room and headed up the very scary elevator to the 4th floor. In a way I felt as if we were at some sort of slum. I kept looking for gang tagging. The room was adequate (and I believe this was a renovated room), but a Motel 6 would be an upgrade. Whoever is doing the renovation has really poor taste and the quality of work is terrible. The swimming pool was a swamp (I am not kidding), but I am sure the frogs living in it were having a good time. The next morning we went down to the front desk again. This time the morning clerk was on a personal call and gave me an angry look because she felt that I was interrupting her call.  She did not even hang up; she just put the phone to her side, answered my question, and then continued her conversation.   Personally, I think this hotel would be great for a horror movie and Hollywood should contact this place. It needs to be knocked down, or management should tighten up the staff and improve construction quality. If construction is on track (and I suspect something is wrong), get staff that really is gracious to customers. There are people that need jobs out there and I assure you with proper management they will do a great job. Don't stay here for over $45 per night (the price is due to the breakfast offered). Personally I would not stay here until they fix the place, but for some reason I don't feel that it will ever happen. Something just feels wrong. Perhaps Clarion has stopped the remodel due to the economy.
Umm lol so seriously I read some reviews about this place and was like NOOOO it can't be that bad. HA HA....DUDE! So this spot is like mad cheap but REALLY?   First we check in and notice the are undergoing some much needed renovations. Checkin was seamless as it should be. We get to out room #122 and after reading the reviews I know to check the beds immediately. The first bed legit has hair under the sheets...strike 1. As I'm pulling the covers back on the second bed I find two quarters...that's right folks! Obviously left by the last guest intentionally to warn the next occupants that the SHEETS HAVEN'T BEEN CHANGED...let alone checked. I mean really? You couldn't at lease have made it look like you did your jobs?  We go to the desk and make them aware of the issue. They apologetically get us another room. This room is better its evident by the way these beds were made that the room has been cleaned. The elevator by the desk is stuck on the 3rd floor lol death trap so we take the stairs. Thank God for yelp....You've all been warned lol SERIOUSLY!
This was technically the Clarion hotel so I think the name is wrong on the page.   I'd like to start by saying that I'm not much of a complainer, but if could have given 0 stars, I would have.   So we are on our way up to room when we passed a vending machine with water underneath it. I assumed it was leaking and brushed it off. I don't care that much about little things like that especially since we were just sleeping there. After a great hockey game and a bar crawl, we came back to the hotel and got ready for bed. There was absolutely no hot water for my shower. So cold I wouldn't even consider hopping in really quick. It was late so I let it go and decided to try again in the morning. When I woke up it was the same thing. At this point I was fuming. I NEED a shower man!  So I put on my angry pants and headed down the hall towards the elevator. Right in front of the elevator door there is a water fall pouring out of the ceiling from the third floor. "What the hell...." is pretty much what I was thinking at this point. Well there was my shower considering I had to walk through it to continue on my quest. As soon as the elevator doors open to the first floor, I see the hallway is flooded. The carpet is squishing beneath my feet all the way to the front desk where other angry people had beaten me to. Apparently a pipe had burst the day before and they had neglected to tell us that when we had checked in. I was so mad. I managed to get 70% off our bill and I made her call to check us in at another hotel. I would have insisted the whole bill be paid for but I'm really bad at being mean to people. All in all, I will never stay here or any other branch of this hotel again.
Nightmare.  It's a ghost town. Needles in parking lot. "Lobby" is a hotel room with undesirables hanging around. Asked to see our rooms before checking in, given the key, room was filthy.  Saw a sticky note re: bedbugs.  Bolted, as fast as possible.
I'm not sure I can even give this place one star. To be fair, the room we had was clean and comfortable. It did seem as if we had entered a time warp, though. Furnishings and bedding from the 70's...if not 60's! I've seen this place rated up to 3 stars on some websites. I'd like to know their qualifications!! When you first approach the hotel, it looks closed down. (And write obviously, it should be!!) You enter through a side entrance with hand written signs. The"office" is a room right inside the doors. The hallway looks a wreck! (Oh yeah...they're under construction!!) Dirt, filth, and stains everywhere. Electrical wires exposed, smoke detectors hanging down. You look at all this and wonder how in the world are they passing codes?? (Or are they?!? Hmmmm) Like I said...the room was better..although not without faults. The lights over the bathroom sink did not work, and the shower did not work well. The tv was definitely a 1980's model. Wireless internet?? What a joke!!  When we reported the bathroom issues, they said they would move us to another room. Since we were only staying 2 nights, we thought we would stay and just have maintenance look at it in the morning. We were informed maintenance would not be in tomorrow!! (Our ever??) We told the lady working the "front desk" that this hotel was pretty scary. Her reply was, " yeah, we get that a lot!"
Ah, yes, what has yet to be said about this Clarion in Greentree, which is commonly known as the hotel of perpetual construction? Check the reviews folks (I sure wish I had) and you'll see that this place has been under construction for at least four years! My family, and I'm sure countless others, initially had trouble even finding the place and had to humble ourselves to ask directions at the nearby Doubletree Hotel. But even with directions, we drove right past the Clarion because: 1). There are no hotel signs; 2). We were arriving at night and the building was completely dark; 3). There were no parked cars visible from the road; and 4). The entire front of the building was boarded up. When we located the correct driveway and approached the construction zone, which once represented the entrance to the hotel, we saw a tiny sign directing us to the "Temporary Lobby" in the back of the hotel. The makeshift lobby consisted of a hotel room with a clerk sitting at a desk. The clerk initially could not locate our reservation on her computer, but found it as soon I had dug through my luggage to find a copy of the confirmation email. We were given a room on the second floor, thus we walked past stairwells that were closed (because of endlessly drying 'wet paint') and an out-of-order (and leaking) ice machine, until we located the elevator. Well, let me tell you folks, Disney's Tower of Terror ride is less frightening than this elevator. It looked like one of those service elevators that the public never sees. The floor was covered in dead bugs and the ceiling had holes in it, leading to the conclusion that someone must have taken the globes off the ceiling lights and just dumped the dead bugs onto the floor. When we got to our room, the carpet was so covered with nasty grease stains that we wanted to keep our shoes on. We did the preliminary check of the beds and found some stained sheets, but thankfully no bugs. We also checked for the free Wi-Fi signal and found that it was completely useless (maybe that's why the desk clerk couldn't locate our reservation). Finding the complimentary breakfast in the morning was like a scavenger hunt, where you look for clues on small paper signs in the hallways. The adventure actually took me outside of the hotel and then back into another part of the building (thankfully it wasn't raining like it had been all night). I then realized that I had just entered the main construction zone and the outside route must be the only passable route to the dining area. There was yet another sign outside the dining room which said something about Complementary Breakfast and the strange phrase "Gratuity Included." But inside the dining room there were at least two clearly-marked 'Tip Jars.' Now, I've been at some pretty trashy hotels in my travels, but I've never seen a tip jar in the dining room. I've also never been in a hotel dining room where it looked like a bomb had gone off, but there were drop cloths, power tools and all sorts of debris everywhere. When I got in line for the grub, I learned how the attendant earned her tips: she was there to help patrons identify the food. The person in front of me inquired about the gray-looking sausage-like links and was dutifully informed that they represented turkey sausage, adding, "Because Clarion cares about your health." I'm not kidding (who could make something like that up?). Anyway, I tried this so-called health food, because the only other hot alternative was French Toast and I did not want any syrupy food that morning. Guess what? The sausage had some kind of sugary additive to make the links taste like syrup! Real healthy, right? Thus, I ended up just getting a cup of coffee and returning to my room to pack up. The coffee was okay, by the way. In conclusion, I would not have stayed at the Greentree Clarion had I not made prior reservations and had not been coming back after midnight following a music festival where it rained all day. Plus, we used our loyalty points for this room, so I couldn't even request a discount. Believe me, HUD would shut this place down if it was an apartment building and the Dept. of Homeland Security would never even consider housing immigrants there. But, of course, you and I are welcome to pay upwards of a hundred bucks a night to stay there.
This was by far the worst hotel experience I've ever had. It wasn't just that there was MASSIVE construction going on, but they did nothing to accommodate for it. They put us in a dirty floor with exposed ceilings, spackle, and sheetrock everywhere. The lights were broken and the room was filthy.   The second room they out me in had an air conditioning unit that wouldn't reach the outlet, rendering it useless in the middle of the summer, had no toilet paper and water all over the bathroom floor.   The CHILDREN working the front desk, which was located in a hotel room, gave the worst customer service, greeted me with an attitude, and couldn't manage to pull themselves away from their own conversation long enough to even check me in in a timely manner.   The worst. Do not stay here.
Wish I could give this place negative stars. Where to begin? It begins with no signs saying where the hotel is at. And then it goes into their "temporary lobby" which is a room turned into an office. The whole place is under construction which wouldn't be so bad, but my gosh they have crap EVERYWHERE!!! That leads us to the elevator. Norman bates would even say it's too creepy for him. It's marked with two different hotel names on top of that, holiday inn and ramada. Then the room. Not the worst of the worst, the decor is nice, the bed is as hard as a rock and the shower isn't even properly installed. Really wish I would have looked at yelp before booking here. Buyer beware. Oh yea! AND I knew they were under construction before we booked in June, and we were promised that the construction would be done before hand. Extremely disappointed.
Don't even think about staying at this hotel. If the option of giving a zero were available, I would definitely use it.   I travel for a living, have stayed in hotels being renovated before but this was the WORST experience I've ever had. Rude staff: front desk attendant was wrapped in a blanket, watching a move and had her feet propped up on the counter. She couldn't tear herself away from the movie to address me.   Construction sure: this hotel had 2 full gas cans to the left of the front door, an empty case of beer and cans right beside that and over flowing trash cans as you walked in.   Filthy would be a step up from the actual conditions. It hasn't been cleaned in months. It smelled of paint and chemicals.  When I raised these concerns with the front desk clerk she said that there was no manager to meet with to discuss the conditions and that it was only the owner and he knew of the state of the place and didn't care. I made my reservation on Booking.com, called them immediately and sent photos to document the experience.
I have actually never wanted to write  a bad review before but after my experience with the office staff for almost a month now I decided to warn others.  I've been seeing a doctor in this office for over five years, not great service up front with the clerical staff, but not terrible like i have experienced for the last several weeks.  All it took was trying to get a prescription filled with my insurances online pharmacy to have me currently searching for a new PCP due to incompetence and unmannerly behavior from the women in the front end of this practice.       October 2nd the mail order prescription company with Cigna sent over a request for two of my prescriptions from this doctor to be sent in for a 3-Month Supply. I called into the office and left a message for the doctor stating my request and that Cigna was faxing over my request.      A few days later after not having my phone call returned I spoke with one of the women in the office. She assured me she would send the message back.  About a week later, I received a letter from my insurance company stating they have faxed the office THREE  times with no response.      I called the office again last  Monday ( 2 weeks...same issue, not one returned phone call). I spoke with another LIVE PERSON knowing that leaving messages for the doctor was pointless at this point because these women do not understand courtesy calls. I was assured by a woman  that she would be handling the issue same day, I offered phone number for pharmacy incase faxing was too hard (obviously) so that I could get my refills by the end of the month. She told me she did not need the number, they do this all the time, its electronic. ::bangs head on desk::      I ask to have a call back that day so that I may be at ease that this is taken care of. I immediately call my insurance company after hanging up with her hoping that they arent this incompetent and maybe Cigna has dropped the ball. That is not the case, I am given dates and times that my doctors office was contacted. I ask them to send yet another fax to my doctor that day just incase the women in the office lost my paperwork.       17 BUSINESS DAYS LATER, I receive an automated phone call from WALGREENS...     Walgreens?  Yes, folks after 17 business days and 3-4 calls to the doctor later, this office sent a one month supply of my medicine to Walgreens.  No, these people cannot possibly be this stupid. I have been more than patient and calm with these women. I had two other doctors that were sent prescription refill requests same day at this office and those prescriptions had already been filled, shipped and sitting on my counter for well over a week at this point.    At this point I want the office manager, this has turned into a joke. I called the office back... (after spending 45 minutes on the phone with Cigna restarting my prescription request because THEY CANCELLED IT due to no contact from this office..yes, it had been so long they CANCELLED the order) I speak with extremely rude from hello woman named Julie, Julianne, I dont even know. She would not transfer me to the office manager like I had asked, told me that the woman I spoke with earlier in the week wasn't there and I would have to leave a message. I explained to her that this has been going on for weeks. No one returns calls in this office, and I needed the situation resolved today.  She told me this has nothing to do with the office staff, it is between me and my doctor. I was blown off again with nothing resolved and simply assurance from Julie that my phone call would be returned that afternoon. Yet again, not one courtesy call, nothing resolved. At this point I have more faith that a $50.00 order placed in a  McDonalds drive thru would be handled better and with more respect by a stoned 15 year old child than this office staff.       I will now have to personally go in the office (on the opposite end of town), being late for my own job to speak with someone in person tomorrow. I may even have to make an actual appointment with the doctor at this point so she is made aware on how poorly the front end is handled.       It is a shame after so many years to have to start over with a new doctor due to the office staff alone-      future clientele beware
I wish I didn't have to give even 1 star. Horrible service. I ordered family dinner for 4 plus 2 extra sides. I got sighs and eye rolls from the cook and the girl waiting on me. I got home and no extra sides. I paid for them but they didn't put them in the bag. I called and was told that they would send me a card for family dinner for 3 since they charged me for items not received. I called again on July 2nd as they never sent anything. I spoke with Autumn who advised me that she was a manager and would send out a gift card as previously promised. Still have not received. So if you choose this location make sure to check your order because they love to charge you for items you won't receive and have no follow through. I would be happy to get my 10.00 back. This started on June 24th. Terrible servce. We went there at least 1x a month and had no problem spending money, but I'd rather spend that 60.00 somewhere else. Mediocre food, horrible service, zero follow through. My advice, avoid this place.
Junk worse than McDonald. My wife is a fan of this shop in Fairfax VA. Westopped for a quick breakfast. The poppers were stale bagels hard and the worst thing was when they heated the egg omlette in the microwave. For someone who does not use this at home, was a shock.. threw the stuff into the trash can.. the whole thing cost 25$..you decide if it was worth it
Horrible experience again made sandwich wrong for 3rd visit. Will never be back. Ever
Easter Sunday, 2015 Store is open until 2:00. I arrive at 12:30. Employee is feverishly sweeping at carpet in front of counter in presence of customers seated and eating.  Dust is flying everywhere.  Customers' eyes are rolling.  I tell counter person. She asks employee to scale back. He refuses.   Only two types of bagels are left even though the store is to remain open for another 1-1/2 hours. I get a cinnamon raisin bagel with strawberry cream cheese (it was good) and a medium coffee.    I go to get the vanilla hazelnut coffee and manage to get a half cup before the dispenser is entry.  I say something to clerk.  She tells me to get regular coffee and she will put hazelnut syrup in it.  WHAT???  She never offered to brew new coffee even though the store is to remain open for another 1-1/2 hour.     Never again will I go to this location.
It's sad. I used to get such great service at this location. Today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality. After waiting about 8 minutes for a bagel and a sandwich she yelled my order and basically threw the bag at me over the counter. I live right around the corner and will not go back there again. They may want to look into getting some new team members who value their job and understand the value of customer service.
Service is terrible. Waited for 15 minutes for a bagel with cream cheese with no line.
I'm thinking this place is where they give people who can't function at a normal job a place to work . Horrible service and food.
Worst effin Starbucks on the block and their baristas suck at making drinks. Horrible customer service and they ALWAYS screw up our orders. I just don't understand why they're so lazy. I understand their comprehension level is low because of the lack of education though. But, if you hate your job, don't take it out on the loyal customers! Your life sucks, we get it, but you have ONE job at Starbucks, so do it right. It's not hard.
Came here for a "quick" breakfast on our way from the hotel to Fallingwater, and regretted the decision immensely.  Extremely long lines, and poorly trained staff. As a former employee, I know about staff roles and approximately how long it should take to receive your drink. This staff was not trained at all, and it was clear that they were overwhelmed with the crowd. It took me 32 minutes for me to receive my order (there were 7 customers in front of me), and my order was incorrect. I ordered a small coffee, medium latte, a croissant and a sausage breakfast sandwich. I know that the sausage sandwiches heat up for about 40 seconds in oven, so I can't comprehend why it took so long to get my order. Would never come here again. I also received a WARM cheese danish instead of my croissant. First, the warm, creamy colored goo in the middle is extremely unappetizing, and second, they looked so dejected when I pointed out that I ordered a croissant I almost just left.  Do not recommend.
This Satrbucks location is very dirty! It is not daily normal , ordinary dirt. The glass case has dust and fingerprints all over it. The fingerprints on the main doors look like the same ones from 2 months ago. The cafe area looks as if it hasnt seen a broom  or mop in months either. Not sure if the manager makes th e employees clean or not! Would rather go to Dunkin Donuts next time! Right across the square. My macchiato had a very bitter taste to it!
I went to Princess Nails for a fill. The nail technician was a man- he was a complete @sshole. First, he grabbed my hand/arm across the table...there was, "ma'am can you stretch your arm further across the table.." it was just an abrupt, aggressive grab. Ok, I'm more than slightly annoyed @ this point...next, the guy asks me to pick a color, I tell him that I brought my own polish, which was a bright neon yellow color. The guy says how much he hates the color yellow...ok, who asked your opinion? And proceeds to tell me how much he hates polishing nails w/ yellow...continues to be aggressive and rude...I'm pissed @ this point...final point? Stay far away from this spot...there is another nail shop right next door, they were crazy busy...but never again will I EVER go to Princess Nails...they have shitty techs, shitty color choices, and the entire environment is small and dirty...& btw the eyebrow tech's skills are HIGHLY overrated.
I should've believed what was already written but It was close to my hotel. The WORST mani/pedi of my life. I'm 43. I'm a flight attendant. I've been to a LOT of nail salons. I swear she wasn't licensed. She had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for 40 years. She clearly needs to retire and the male owner was an a$$. He says "not everyone does it the same." Well..... They certainly should come close!! No cuticle push back. Didn't know how to remove gel polish. Didn't file straight or smooth. Didn't clean under my nails after lotion. I had to tell her to take alcohol to my nails to clean off lotion and remind her to use a base coat. Then she polished all over my cuticle. 17 hours later having done nothing but sleep workout and shower the polish is chipped off 6 nails.
I guess this will be my last good review for Princess nails. Unfortunately the worst possible thing has happened. I have one eyebrow! Its slowly growing back but the idea of having to pencil in my eyebrow everyday is starting to get to me.   Unfortunately I don't know what happened? Michelle are you going blind? Are you okay? Obviously you left me with completely a mishapen eyebrows which I had to have someone else fix because you botched mine. I cried, I weeped, i found myself in the fetal position. I'm no longer going back.   I know some people have off days but this was BAD.
By far the worst Shellac manicure I have ever had. I went down on my lunch break for a quick mani. First the woman rushed through my "manicure." I'm not sure they have any type of sanitizer for their instruments as she kept pulling things out of her drawer. The manicure was very quick and not at all thorough. Once she started to paint my nails she kept having to fix them because she was in a such a rush. She took off polish that was on the nail and then pushed my hand into the UV dryer. When she went to put the top coat on my Shellac she put the Foundation coat on 2 of my nails before she realized and wouldn't fix them saying they will be fine. During the entire process she did about 6 eyebrow waxes and then would forget where she was in my process. She also kept forgetting to turn on the UV dryer to the point where she walked away and I had to turn it on.  Do not go here. If I could give it 0 stars I would.
Went in to get my gel nails taken off and they straight up just told me no. NO? Fine, that's money out of their pocket and I will never set foot in that diseased infested looking store.
DO NOT GO HERE. WAS ALMOST ELECTROCUTED.  It's 2015. I have a smart phone. I have the Yelp app. I really should have known better to walk in here. I should have known to walk out when I actually did walk in there. It's the size of a closet, completely messy, and disorganized. But you know how some dive bars have charm? I was thinking this place might be like that. NO.  I sat down in the chair for pedicure. Bin filled to the brim with soap suds. That's not how it's done in Philly. I never get sudsy water. Woman takes off my toe nail polish. She gets up and plugs in a nail buffer a foot away from the bin of water and was about to take my foot out of the water to buff my toe nails. OUTLET. SOCKET. BIN OF WATER. I immediately told her not to. She said it was fine. I said absolutely not.  Her next move was to take tools out of a janky, old plastic box. UNSTERILIZED. I asked, "Are those sterilized?" She said quickly, "ok, ok, for you I will sterilize." FOR ME? Shouldn't you be doing this for all of your clients? I got up and left with soap suds all over my nails. Went to Salon Nuvo instead and had an infinitely better experience.   Health department should definitely check in on Princess Nails. Shady and terribly run nail salon. Surprised someone hasn't been hurt yet.
This is the worse nail salon I have ever been to!  I was staying at a nearby hotel and they recommended it, but as soon as I returned to the hotel I told them to NEVER recommend this salon to anyone ever again. It's disorganized, dirty, and they have a very limited selection of polishes (the ones they do have are clearly old).  I went for a gel manicure, and it took the arrogant young woman almost 30 minutes to take off the gel polish I had on my nails. Why? Because she was being SO stingy with the acetone on the cotton. When I said something to her about it, she snapped at me. She was unprofessional and downright nasty.   The final bow is that they are charging high-end spa quality prices for horrible service.   This place needs to be closed - STAY AWAY!!
I got a good haircut here a few months ago, so this one-star review is not intended for the stylists.  It is a response to a strict no-returns policy on salon products, which makes me pretty mad: I couldn't have known they recommended the wrong product without trying it, and now that I tried it, they won't refund my purchase.  Catch-22.  I came in to buy a replacement for my normal bumble and bumble curl creme for thick hair, and was told by the receptionist that bumble and bumble's "defining creme for fine curls" is the new packaging of that product (which seemed weird to begin with...thick hair..fine curls...) Nope, it's totally different and it doesn't work for me.  I used it twice, figured that out, and now I'm stuck with an expensive product I can't use. I called bumble and bumble and they told me that the product I use has been discontinued.  All my previous salons in other cities would have honored a return in this situation.  I won't be back to MCN.
My husband gave me a gift certificate for this salon.  Being new to the areaI thought i would drop in and make an appointment.  There were two girls at the front desk, neither could have been bothered.  One didn't even look up from the computer.  After waiting I told the first girl that I was a new customer and interested in booking an appointment.  She offered me two different stylists by name with no other information.  She didn't offer to set up a consultation or make any statements about levels.  So I guess I was supposed to chose a stylist because of their name?  When I asked for a little more information she just stared at me, and then went back to ignoring me.  I just ended up leaving and I'm not sure I want to frequent this business but I have a feeling that a place that treats people like this wouldn't refund my money.
Today, I definitely didn't have a great experience at MCN. I got my haircut couple months ago from there and I liked it, so I decided to go again for coloring today. I wasn't happy about it at all -cuz I can still see the line btw my root and the bottom. PLUS, they charged me 25 bucks more for the blow-dry without telling me. I wish I didnt go there for the color..
Now I have extremely curly hair and went to this salon as it was advertised as being a great place for those with curly hair. I explained this to the receptioninst who booked an appt with an experienced stylist (don't remember the name). When I met the stylist, I detected surprise and doubt from her. I sat in her chair, in which she asked me whether I planned to relax my hair. My only intention was to have my hair blow dried and straightened. Stylist then told me that she didn't know how to do my hair and wouldn't do my hair unless it involved a relaxer. I ended just leaving. So Warning for those with curly hair, unless your hair slightly wavy, I would avoid this salon.
I'm not sure if I will return to MCN salon. However, the haircut I received was not the source of my disappointment and annoyance with MCN.   Upon my arrival, I was offered coffee by my stylist prepared just as I pleased. I was instructed to leave my belongings in the coat room and put on a robe. In doing so, I left my coffee on the side of the counter at the front of the salon. I was quickly ushered to the back for my shampoo, condition, and Kerastase treatment. I realized I forgot my cup and went back to the front to retrieve it. As I politely ask the woman behind the desk if she saw it, she cuts me off mid sentence to inform me that she has thrown it away and gives me a sneer. As I look at her in bewilderment as to how to handle her rudeness she rolls her eyes and asks if I still want something to drink.   UM, YES? That's why I'm looking for my cup now.   She then instructs me that I'm not to wait for her to finish making the drink and that she will deliver it to my chair.   Yeah, no. Never did that.   But she did take the time to come over to my stylist, glare at me, and inform my stylist that the next client was here.   Rude.   I thanked my stylist for her time and pay for my cut and style. Only then did I realize that my friend should have also received a free Kerastase treatment because of MCN's birthday special. They charged her the standard, $30. Well, the woman  behind the counter basically told me that she needed to see proof that the email offer existed. Why didn't I have to show some email to get the free treatment? She was basically giving my Asian friend a terribly difficult time. Between me and my friends, we have spent over $1,000 at your salon and you are going to treat loyal clients as so?   I also believe that this salon desperately needs a dress code enforced for all staff. If you go to MCN, take a look around, you will agree with me.   Finally, leave your pooches at home. I don't particularly like the large dog that roams around and slobers on the leg of my pants during my appointment.   1 star, but thank you to my stylist for a great cut. 5 stars for you.
I've had good experiences here before (especially with Heather), but this time I had a HORRIBLE experience with Ashley. I went in for a color and cut. She was 15 minutes late for our appointment and after she greeted me, she left me just standing in the coat closet with the plastic robe-thing on waiting for her for almost ten minutes. For the first half of our appointment, Ashley's mother was waiting to have her hair done by her daughter and seemed to be staring me down with daggers even though I had an appointment with her and was paying good money to have my hair colored and cut. Ashley was completely overbooked and complained to me about being too busy and frantic--NOT something you want to hear from someone styling and coloring your hair! I felt very uncomfortable and like I was putting her out by even being there. I understand that coloring takes time, but she left me waiting MANY times and the entire appointment ended up being more than three hours. When it came time to cut my hair, she didn't really do what I wanted her to do and only spent about 5-10 minutes on the cut. I missed my own appointments that I had scheduled for after my hair appointment and was starving and angry by the time she finished with me. I didn't even have the energy to complain about it there and was charged ~$250 for a terrible experience. I won't be returning here again.
Came here looking for a decent non-barbershop haircut. Booked an appointment with Heather since the site said she was good with Asian hair. Heather definitely is not experienced with Asian hair. After having shown her pictures of how I wanted to my haircut, she was completely lost on how to even approach cutting my hair. She also kept asking me about my accent and where I was "really from" despite having been born and lived in the US my entire life and speaking perfect English. She seemed pretty confused by the idea of an Asian person being born here. Overall, Heather came off as ignorant and unfamiliar with common Asian haircuts. I would not recommend her or MCN to anyone. $50 with tip is outrageous for what ended up being an experimental haircut by an unskilled and unprofessional stylist. If you're looking for a decent haircut for an Asian male, definitely go to Hair by G&E. They're the only people in Pittsburgh that can do it right.
Went to get a haircut yesterday and had big expectations for this place since I read the Yelp reviews. My hairstylist was friendly but gave me a really bad haircut. It is not even and the layers don't compromise my hair texture, so it has no style at all. Very disappointed. Will not return to this place.
*UPDATE*  I called the salon to see how they could make it right. Once again, they were not prompt. I was asked to arrive at 4:15  As the owner had a 4:30 apt with a painter. I arrived on time and it wasnt until 4:25 until she came out. When I did talk to her, instead of trying to help she started verbally assaulting me. In addition to saying many disgraceful things about me, she also started to pull unnecessarily hard with the brush while attempting to restyle my hair to the point where I excused myself in the middle of the restyle because of the pain. Please do not patronize this business.  *Original Review*    I  don't get my hair cut often since I grow it out to donate, but when I do, I know exactly what I want since I get a similar cut every time. I came to MCN because my previous stylist is in Boston, and I had a discount card. My stylist (Jess Leigh) was nice, but I feel didnt give me the cut I asked for. I tried having her modify before I left, but things were starting to get worst instead of better so I just has her stop.   This disappointed me greatly as not only did I have a conversation with my stylist, but also with the manager before even booking an appointment. I was told my stylist had been cutting hair for years and that I was in good hands. The cut is okay but it wasnt what I asked for. Instead of leaving there feeling confident and sexy, I'm just glad I can still *almost* pull my hair back all the way to make it look better from a front profile.   Next time, I plan on paying for a flight to Boston to get a cut I love. I wish it wasn't that difficult.  The salon itself also disappointed me. I was there 5 minutes early and wasnt even acknowledged until 7 minutes past my apt time. I made sure to have the first apt of the day so that there wouldn't be delays. In addition, they offered me tea, coffee, or water. However it wasnt until half way through my appointment that I got it. The staff wasnt overly welcoming either which surprised me even more since I was a new client. Maybe I'm spoiled having such amazing salon experiences in Boston. However, this experience would be ranked 2 or 3 out of 10 in comparison to my previous Salon.
I booked an appointment through yelp, but when I reached mcn, they did not have my appointment in their system , so they said "sorry , we can call you if something opens up". Really? Need to honor client appointments, not my problem if your yelp booking system works or does not work. Such a waste of time and rude. Do you think people have so much time to come to mcn anytime mcn prefers?  Proof:Hi Swati,  Congratulations! Your appointment with MCN Salon is confirmed for Wednesday, June 8, 6:55 pm. This appointment is being booked by Intuit Local.
Very sloppy! No attention the polish is all over my fingers so disappointing and aggravating that now I'm going to have to pay more money else where to get them redone
They suck!! First of all not even 24 hours after I got acrylics one broke, then they painted on the french white tips which is fine, however they did such a poor job. When I came back to ask for a refund they were very rude about it and refused to help. I have gotten my nails done almost for a year and I have never seen such a poor job. DO NOT GO HERE.
I would put 0 star if it was possible!!! The worse manicure in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I decided to try salon today I ask for a manicure and Chinese man shrieks at me: WHAT COLOR YOU WANT!!!!! He has long, gross fingernails with dirt underneath He picks out said dirt WHILE massaging my hands with some oil stuff. he painted my nails and when he was done I looked down in horror. It looked like a child had done it. The bottom was so sloppy I had nail polish on my skin of my fingers and it just looked horribly unprofessional. I had to be somewhere right after my appointment after I said to him that's is not a good job he just grab my hand and pure polish remover on my finger and start screaming in Chinese language. I was in shock. This guy is out of control its definitely something wrong with him. He can't be around people . People BE WARE DO NOT GO THERE !!!!!!
Visiting downtown Pittsburgh for a wedding so I scheduled an appointment for myself and two friends for mani/pedis.  The first strike was that when I made an appointment for three people at the same time, they did not let me know that only 2 nail techs were available so me and my friends were not able to have our nails done at the same time (looked like they only had 3 total and one spent his time watching a movie on his iPad while he took care of another customer).  Also a heads up - only 3 pedicure chairs in the place.  The pedicure was the shortest I have ever received, they spent barely any time massaging or rubbing.  The nail tech also sent me to the manicure chair without painting my toe nails and told me she would do them later.  She later had me put my feet in her lap and she painted my toenails in the manicure chair.  During my manicure, the nail tech made two of my fingers bleed while she was trimming my cuticles.  Not only did she not apologize, she lectured me on how I should be taking better care of my cuticles...my nails are in great shape and even if they were not, you just made me bleed!!  Two days later I still have sore fingers.  Very limited color selection. Definitely not worth $40.
Very poor quality work. I have had my nails done 3 times there and each time I have been very disappointed and won't be returning. First my shellac manicure chipped within a week. I let it go but went back due to the convenience. Got a full set and the exact same thing happened 5 days later. They must use very cheap product to lower their costs. I have been getting my nails done for 20 years and am very disappointed in the poor quality of my nails.  Pedicure's are overpriced and they do basically nothing. It basically was a soak and cleaned up my nail beds. Hardly any massaging!! It was no more than 20 minutes long. They try to upcharge you and nag you for more services while in there.    Very dirty inside as well. Do not waste your money.
I am unfortunately stuck here due to a corporate contract but am going to make sure my company rethinks this and move out of here ASAP !!  The staff is the most unfriendly and have a carefree attitude. I have no water in my apartment for 2 days and the building manager was rude and raising her hands stating she is helpless and cant do anything about it !!  This is not the first time either. The windows don't open in my apartment and they couldn't do anything about that either. I have been living with it closed for a long time.  God Damn corporate contract tying me to live here !!  Please do not choose to live here, especially considering the careless and rude attitude of the building manager.
My food was plain and boring. Our service was sub-par; we asked for water when we first got there and it didn't show up until shortly before we got our check. The dumb ass waitress spilled water on the floor by our table but didn't bother cleaning it up so when one of the older ladies that was joining me got up she slipped and fell. The manager on duty did apologize, but that was it. There was no offer of a comp or anything and she basically turned around and went on about her business despite us pointing out to her that there was water on the floor that caused the fall. Fortunately no one was seriously injured, but I really don't think that the staff handled the situation with any sort of intelligence or empathy. The place was noisy and it was pricey.
I'm staying at the hotel at which the soho is located and I thought it would be a convenient place to eat dinner. Well, it was overpriced and the food was terrible. I ordered the chicken parm pasta and got it to go to my room. The pasta looked and tasted like it was days old and soggy, the chicken was overdone (dry), and the tiny (super tiny) roll was dry and stale. Very bad food and overpriced. Not only was the food a huge disappointment but the bartender who took my order was unfriendly and not helpful. She then began to pour beer from the tap into a glass and sprayed beer on me and didn't say a word, though I met eye contact with her as soon as it happened. She was more interested in talking with the other waitresses.......you know she got a great tip :)  Try another place for food even if you have to step outside of the hotel, there are a bunch of places to eat across the street and at the baseball stadium that is right next to the hotel....Atrias was pretty good and very nice wait staff.   http://www.atrias.com/
I wish i could give this place no stars! we sat for lunch after a lunch rush there were 2 other table in the restaurant besides ours, we ordered a blt with chili and a cesar salad....1 hour latler a stale BLT and chili that looked like it had been sitting there for 2 hours comes out. I was still waiting for my cesar salad. The chili was cold and the blt bread was so hard you couldnt bite into it. When we asked to speak to the manager the waitress got very defensive... the manager came over and explained that is their food and how its made so he wasnt sure of the problem. After an argument going back and forth ensued he agreed to comp the meals. Here is the kicker haha...we were going to leave the waitress a tip because clearly it was not her fault however, she came over and asked if our problem was resolved we said yes and then she rolled her eyes and walked away. No tip for you my friend. This is not how you do business especially when there are other options BESIDES SOHO to choose from for lunch.
Nice looking place and the worst service i've had in the last 20 years.   After waiting 10 minutes to have a bartender at a less than half full bar acknowledge us we then ordered and the drinks arrived.  Hope you only need one round because after waiting 30 minutes to try to order a second round we paid with exact change to save us from wasting another hours of our life.   It is hard to explain how oblivious the bar tenders were.
No redeeming qualities here. Schwill on tap. Food was terrible - had the pizza, mac & cheese bites, and spinach & artichoke dip.  It was hardly edible. Stay away.
Stayed @ the hotel. Ordered sirloin steaks. No steak knife, no mashed potatoes, no asparagus as ordered. So, Check your order. I mean for a 2 person $50 meal with tip I would hope the waitstaff would deliver on what was ordered & asked before we left.   But skip the 20%, $10 room service fee & http://www.sohopittsburgh.com. walk downstairs.
Menu in the room said "1/2 price apps 5-7pm everyday" menu in the elevator said "1/2 price apps 5-7pm everyday" menu at the restaurant read "1/2 price apps 5-7pm everyday" everyday mind you on all of the menus. Guess what not when there is a game I was told. What does that mean? Pirates, Steelers, Penguins etc? What day is there not a game? What a joke. THEY DO NOT HAVE 1/2 PRICE APPS!!!! Somewhat slow service and somewhat overpriced. $13 burgers, $4 domestic bottles. Look elsewhere there is a lot surrounding this place so you have options.
I got a cobb salad, prior to pirate game, almost no lettuce, chicken had to be frozen and microwaved warm....daughter got buffalo chicken wrap tasted poor, not even my 14 year son would eat it. (He eats anything)
If you're dying for the recipe for their "Buffalo Macaroni and Cheese" than look no further! It was definitely some sort of boxed Mac & Cheese, with a chicken tender covered in Frank's Red Hot on top.  I have much higher expectations for food in a city that offers so many delicious options; I could have gotten an incredible mac & cheese at Meat and Potatoes for less money!
So when I walked in to Soho last month for happy hour, a person in my party made a casual comment that this place never seems that busy when they walk by it. Little did we know that our group would discover exactly why this is the case during our visit. It's especially noteworthy that I came with a large group that made a reservation with specific instructions about what we wanted. Our evening plans had been made well in advance, and Soho knew - or should have known - exactly how many people would be in our party, and when we would arrive. Most of all, they should have known we had not only asked for a table to be ready, we had asked for water and very specific appetizers to be ready for our group, as we would be hungry after the event we enjoyed before the happy hour.   Well, as you can probably guess from my rating, making a reservation and discussing and confirming our needs with the staff well in advance made absolutely no difference in the quality of our visit. In fact, I can summarize my entire visit here in two words: we waited.  We waited for them to confirm we had a table after we walked in at 7:15. We waited for the sever to come after they finally confirmed that yes, a reservation had been made. We waited for the server yet again after asking for drink menus. We waited for these drinks, and for water. And we waited for our pre-ordered appetizers.   Absolutely nothing arrived in a timely manner. In the 35 minutes that I waited with the group, all I got was a water. None of the pre-ordered appetizers even arrived while I was there, and many people waited 10 to 15 minutes for their other drinks. I was honestly astounded at how much the staff missed the mark with our reservations and requests. So I gave up, and left at 7:50 to find a better venue that was interested in providing me with a relaxing Friday night meal.  And all of that was on a night where the place was mostly empty! I can't even imagine what the service must be like if it's actually busy - and I certainly won't be back to find out!
For a place that has a $75 entree I was pretty shocked to see a $2 charge for blue cheese olives on my bill... pretty tacky.   That was definitely a first.  I was disappointed the waitress didn't say anything either. Aside from that the service was pretty good... and the sashimi was a great value.  But everything else about this place is shwag.  The seared tuna - garbage, rainbow roll and Caesar salad - weak,  and the sides incredibly small.  The place has the feel of a riverboat buffet.  If this was stand alone they would only get away with charging 40% of what they are now... in the Westin. I would skip it, or if you have to, get sashimi at the bar and make sure you review your bill.
Having read positive things about OFM lately, I thought we'd give it another try as it's been years since we've eaten there.  Unfortunately, our experience was dreadful.  I knew going in that the food was overpriced.  Always has been.  But not only can you get less expensive fish/seafood elsewhere, but you also can get FRESHER food at other places.  Our food tasted frozen and overcooked.    What has NOT changed is the extremely poor service.  If you don't look wealthy or if you're not buying multiples rounds of alcohol, the wait staff avoids you.  And that was our experience the other night.    How can restaurants get away with poor service and bland food at such high prices?  I guess OFM lives off the travelers and not the locals.
Hotel restaurants are just awful!  It's like you have to be mediocre to have a restaurant inside a hotel.  I don't get it!  Wouldn't they WANT you to stay and spend money on their property??   Nevertheless, this place in the Westin hotel is no different.  For starters, the place is sorely outdated.  The decorations look like they're straight out of an 80's music video.  I went with my mom, who asked me if the glass sculptures on the ceiling where Chihuly's.  I almost choked on my bread when she asked!   I always go for sushi when it's on the menu at a fish place.  I can't get away from it, plus I need my weekly (or sometimes daily) fill of it!  So I ordered a spicy yellow tail roll and a ginger salad.  The spicy yellow tail was not spicy.  It had a side of "spicy" sauce.  I'm not too sure that qualifies it to be spicy with a dab of sauce.  The salad's ginger dressing was awful and watery.  I love ginger dressing when it's done right.  But it was not happening at this place!   The thing that really made me mad is that the place is overpriced to begin with.  My tiny yellow tail roll was more expensive ($7) than the fabu Penn Ave Fish Co ($5.50) rolls.  And DEF not as good!  My mom ordered a bowl of fish soup.  This "bowl" was a deep dish salad bowl and looked as if there was a small ladle size serving.  It was hardly halfway full.  That's all my mom had ordered for lunch.  It was pretty sad looking.  So she asked for a little more from the server.  The server said that's all she could give her because it was restaurant policy.  Now let me tell you....I've worked at restaurants.  I've witnessed the people who eat their ENTIRE meal, then say it was bad and want another one...and they get another one!  Now that's messed up!  Asking for a little more soup, that's supposed to be a BOWL but looks more like a spoonful is hardly too much to ask for.   Needless to say, I will NOT be back. There are WAY better fish places in the city to fill my belly with, hands down! Go to Penn Ave Fish Co, It's opened a new location right on Fifth Ave! Don't say I didn't warn you!
Terrible.  I visited this restaurant for the first time yesterday to use up a Groupon.  Thank God I didn't pay full price for this slop.    First, lets talk about the decor.  Others have commented about the outdated 80s look of the place. I concur.  The chairs are ridiculously heavy and uncomfortable.  And don't even get me started on the hideous glass constructions hanging from the ceiling.    Second, let talk about the staff.  Unprofessional to say the least.  When we were waiting for our table, I witnessed the hostess yell at a man from across the restaurant, instead of walking up to him and guiding him to his party.  "Hey Anthony, your party's over here!"  Ridiculous.   This restaurant has an open kitchen, which is usually a good thing - but not when everyone's yelling at each other.  We were seated near the kitchen and, I'm not exaggerating, heard someone yell "order!" approximately every 30 seconds.  Staff yelled at each other from across the restaurant constantly.  I felt like I was on a playground.    Our waitress was a nice, sweet girl, and she did the best she could considering the environment she was in.  I have no complaints about her.    The food, though... Jesus.  We started with the "margarita shrimp cocktail".  Imagine tiny round pieces of popcorn shrimp floating in a glass of lime flavored water.  These were served with tortilla chips, which you'd think were meant to be used to scoop up the shrimp from the glass.  But, the shrimp are solid round balls, not a scoopable salsa.  We tried picking up the shrimp with the chips, but they'd just roll off and end up on the floor.  My date and I just laughed as we TRIED to eat this concoction.  When it finally made it into our mouths, it was gross anyway.    My boyfriend ordered a sushi/sashimi combo platter.  I'm being generous by giving it a rating of mediocre.  Take out sushi from a grocery store is better.    Now, I admit, I made the mistake here - I ordered the fried fish platter.  I'm used to getting a variety at seafood restaurants.  At a place like Mitchell's Fish Market, you can get a dish with a piece of fish, a few scallops, a few shrimp, and a vegetable.  The Original Fish Market has no such dish.  The only dish I could get that had more than just one piece of fish with some plain steamed white rice and steamed spinach, was the fried fish platter.  So, I ordered that, with a side of green beans (vegetables were $5 - $7 extra).  The description said I would get a piece of tilapia, scallops, oysters, shrimp, and french fries.  I didn't realize this meant that the tilapia was fried, the scallops were fried, the oysters were fried, and the shrimp was fried, all on top of a giant bed of fried french fries.  It's just not what I pictured.  Like I said, it was my mistake for not reading carefully and not asking the waitress, but lets say for argument's sake that this is what I wanted.    It was still disgusting.  The batter/flavor was exactly the same for everything.  The scallops tasted like the french fries.  The shrimp tasted like the french fries, the tilapia tasted like the french fries.  I didn't even try the oysters, but I'm pretty sure they would have tasted like french fries.  I ate barely a quarter of this dish, and I'm pretty sure I consumed an entire week's worth of saturated fat.  If you ate this entire plate, I think a heart attack would interrupt your dessert.  The green beans were good.   Other people commented that you can't count on hotel restaurants being worthwhile.  I have to agree.  If everyone's just passing through, you don't have to worry about actually impressing anyone and getting them to come back.  And with business travelers, they're usually paying with their company's dime, so they don't bother to complain or expect much.  I have learned my lesson.  I'm not coming back.  And I seriously question the sanity of people who gave this place more than two stars.
100 dollars for 2 people.  2 small cups of lukewarm soup, 1 tuna sushimi, 2 waters and 1 seafood pasta, 1 salmon.  It all had no taste!
I have never had such awful, inedible food at such an appallingly ridiculous price. It's not only a failure in execution, the plates are very poorly put together, and the flavors of the sides and sauces with the protein do not marry well at all. I was severely disappointed by plating, and then just got mad when I started eating. You would think for 44$ your steak would at least be properly cooked. What was supposed to be medium, came raw. The steak was tough and tasteless.  Ahi tuna, asked rare, was overcooked; also bland, even with the sauce. The oshinko side was laughable. Seriously. I laughed.    pasta was overcooked, and by the time it got to us, the sauce was laminated with coagulating fat.  The sushi was an amatuer attempt at best.  There was too much rice, and presentation was sad.  Ambience is tacky. Ugly 80s-reminiscent wallpaper covers half the room and framed sketches of fish plaster the other half. Service was the only redeeming quality.  To put it in perspective, my neighborhood Houlihans seems gourmet next to this place.
We were staying at the Westin and it was late and the Original Fish Market was right on site. Well the experience at both the hotel and the restaurant was dismal. We waited too long to be seated and the hosted seemed to have attitude when we asked one of the servers to find her. A simple "Sorry for the wait" would have been nice. We were about to leave after waiting 15 mins for a waiter. Unfortunately we did not.  The food was all bland and tasteless. Oh! Except for the bold taste of Obay on the fries. I had blackened rainbow trout.  I expected a bold favors but yet nothing. It was not even blackened.  Looked like paprika for color, but that was it.  Mash potatoes were dry and tasted gritty like it came from a box. We skipped dessert for obvious reasons. I am not adverse to paying top dollar for a great meal. I hate paying top dollar for a lousy meal that I could have done better myself.  Do yourself a favor and avoid the Original Fish Market.  I was generous to give one star.
Terrible crab bisque. My husband liked the fish stew though.  It had lots of beans, was thick and chili-like. The rest of the lunch was so unnoteworthy, I can't remember what I ordered, though almost all of it was still on the plate at the end of lunch.  I do remember the bad taste in my mouth for the rest of the day.
Literally the worst restaurant experience that I've ever had, including McDonald's and 24-hour scarf-and-barf diners.  Pittsburgh is undergoing a bit of a food renaissance, yet the Original Fish Market continues to put out an inferior product in a horrendous atmosphere at an obscene price.    Our fish was tasteless and rubbery, my white wine came out at room temperature, the restaurant was extremely dirty, and our server was clearly apathetic.    The Original Fish Market opened in 1998, and quickly found a place in the market in a city where Red Lobster was still considered "good seafood".  As top-notch restaurants entered the market, the local palates grew up in a big way.  The Original Fish Market seems content to remain frozen in time competing as a mediocre option in an under served market space.  Unfortunately for them, their market space is now flooded with options offering a far superior product  at a fraction of the price.
I went for lunch last week.  The food was awful.  Do not waste your money at this restaurant.
Seriously, terrible.  Just all around terrible.  We've been to the OFM twice now... the first visit was acceptable, but the second was absolutely terrible.  We had late reservations for a quick bite after a lovely night at the O'Reilly to celebrate my husband's birthday.  As sushi lovers, we thought this would be a great way to end the celebration.  We sat at the sushi bar and couldn't get the attention of our waitress or the sushi chef.  After an exhausting 20+ min wait in our seats and just as I was about to go find someone, we finally were able to place our order.    Again... waiting, waiting.  Oh, our wait was enhanced by guests of the hotel (tweens loaded with makeup from what appeared to be dance competition and their drunk parents) standing behind us. No, they were not eating, they were just standing there... yelling, at 11pm.     Our server returned to bring my husband's glass of warm white wine and commented on how terrible our experience must be, but did nothing to help... no drink refills, no offer to call the manager, nothing.   Hubby sent the 14$ glass of bath water, I mean, wine, back to the bar, only to have it replaced with, you guessed it! another glass of warm white wine.    Our sushi was finally ready and it was edible but not enjoyable...  no flavor in the fish and hard rice.  We left before finishing our 40$ meal (1 glass of wine, 1 water, 1 roll, 2 orders of sashimi).    I almost asked for the manager, but frankly was tired of waiting and just wanted to get out of there.  To top it off, we paid $12 for valet parking that would not be validated unless we spent $50 at the restaurant.  We will not give it another chance and suggest you don't give it a first.
This place really should be much higher quality for first the prices and second the only food option at the Westin.  I stopped by here two nights ago on a work trip to grab some food.  The wine that I ordered was out (which was fine) and substituted - but for a place with a giant wine cellar I wouldn't suspect that should be an issue for the glass wines.  When I went to order I asked the server how the scallops were - and asked her to be honest.  She said that they are the most well done in Pittsburgh.  Well I think she meant that literally because the scallops were as tough as a tire and there presentation was poor with a pile of over salty spinach and some kinds of blobs smeared around the plate.  I was a little bummed about my experience when the 55 dollar bill came for one entree and a glass of wine.  Also a one off thing but the overhead light on the table was like a 10K watt surgical spotlight.  It actually hurt my eyes to look at the table it was so bright.  That should be an easy adjustment for the management.  Food quality on the other hand - you need a new chef.
DIDN'T EAT HERE...this review not about the food.  We went on Friday night around 8pm, there seemed to be about 25% occupancy.  The hostess asked us if we had a reservation, we didn't , and she told us that they were somewhat behind and that we would have to wait 20-30 minutes.  WTF?  We IMMEDIATELY left and frankly its not worth going back again.  shame, the fish was good there. Crappy hostess for sure.
Stopped in for lunch. No greeter so we weren't sure where to go. Super expensive for the portions. My salad had dressing only in the center. The rest was dry. My sweet potato fries that came with breaded shrimp tasted BBQ-ish  weird. But the worst was that my breaded shrimp actually had a curly hair cooked into the bread ing. It was disgusting. The waitress apologized and offered to replace but my appetitive was gone by then. She however did not offer to comp the meal. I would absolutely not return nor recommend it to anyone. Way too overpriced and the hair was a disgusting unwanted bonus :-(
Not good. I suspect the servers are over worked or spread too thin b/c the service sucked. The food was ok, but nothing special. It's a shame b/c better service would have made the experience decent.
Never been before and went on a Thursday night at 6PM before a show. Upon arriving, all the good seating near the windows was blocked off for private use (and remained unused). The "host" told us to go find our own seating wherever we wanted. The setup is interesting with a large open bar area and a small number of tables around the perimeter. We took a seat at a table. The bar seating was fairly full with some milling around in the area and standing, and probably a total of 30 people there. We saw at least 5-6 staff, a couple sitting around playing on their phones.  We sat at our table for 20 minutes and never had a single person come by, not to say we will be there shortly, not to take a drink order, nothing. We could tell this wasn't going to be good so left and no one even noticed.  It was a little more bar than restaurant, so we weren't sad to leave.
I never ate here nor could have possibly gotten a drink no one would wait on me.  My friend who wanted to be a socialite of some kind asked me to come with her. I don't know what she was thinking. Not my scene whatsoever! We had come from a free Devo concert. I was dressed in converses,  a side pony tale, and bright pink 80's garb.   I have never seen so many idiots occupying one space. The chicks looked at me like I was an alien. Not everyone needs to wear 5 inch heels, gobs of makeup, and clothes that is so tight that your breathing is impaired just to get a little cleavage popping out of a minuscule ugly dress.   I like fashion, I love heals. It was the glassy, vapid, duplicates that I saw that made me give my friends a hug and kiss then seriously BOLT out the door! Super bad energy in this place. I jumped in the first cab I saw and headed to Lawrenceville. I didn't even say goodbye to the friend who had brought me there. Smoke bomb disappeared! She knew I would hate it but just didn't want to go alone. I was pissed.  The night was not lost. My awesome "fiends" from LA (stunt man Curtze, and Elvis impersonator slash gangster screen writer) met me out and we dive bar-ed the rest of the evening away. I meant to write "friends" but didn't change it because fiends, haha... much more appropriate.   I am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort. Some of my favorite people like Bossa Nova. Just stating my personal experience.
Extremely disappointed.    My wife and I walked into the restaurant to have the hostess tell us that is was open seating.   Okay, that's fine..... as we walk to find our table I'm wondering 'why don't the just have a sign there because she wasn't  very friendly, nor timely with the direction.'    That said, we sat down at a table set up for dining that was nicely presented.   Unfortunately we sat at the table for approximately five minutes without recognition from any employee at the restaurant.   At this point, we decided to dine elsewhere.   As we walked out, there was still not one bit of attention given, again.   The hostess never lifted her head from whatever she was reading.   I think that a sign would have served a much better purpose.   On the back side it could have said "thanks for your business" .....or lack, there of.
The menu was small and underwhelming. The flatbread pizza most likely came out of the box. They didn't have the sauces, so the gave us ketchup to go with over cooked shrimp/bacon and extremely greasy fries.
Credit Card Stolen by Staff  I was told my card was "missing" from the stack on the bar (not behind the bar, but on it) where all the cards they are given to run tabs are kept. Amazingly, after informing them that I am an attorney and would be following up with actual management on Monday, my card materialized. Unfortunately, they had taken the numbers and as of this morning, PNC bank called to tell me that multiple counts of activity were already processing against the card. Obviously, if you choose to patronize this establishment, pay cash. Be aware that the employees are thieves and your credit cards, and most likely your identity, are at risk here.
Terrible slow service.Waited one hour for oil change   Won't come again to this place....
We were in Pittsburgh for one night and Olive or Twist was near our hotel.  There were many other restaurants, but this place looked nice.  The atmosphere was nice, and if I was rating only for atmosphere I'd give it 4 stars.  However, I'm mainly rating their food and service.  We were greeted promptly, but after that the service was spotty and it took awhile to receive our drinks/food even though there weren't many people in the dining room.    I ordered the Traditional French Dip Sandwich and Fries.  I enjoy a good French Dip and have tried many of them at all types of restaurants and this one was the worst I've ever eaten. In fact, I couldn't finish it.  The meat tasted like old lunch meat and the bread was nothing more than a cheap, glorified hot dog roll that was soggy.  It wasn't soggy from the Au Jus, but it tasted like they steamed the roll for some reason.    Overall, if I was going back to Pittsburgh in this area, I would stay far away from Olive or Twist.
I've actually had OK experiences at this place in the past but this trip was especially bad.   I tried to stop here with my husband for an appetizer and a drink before heading into the theater district - bad move.  Upon being seated the server explained that they were no longer serving food because of a water leak or something unsanitary-sounding. Klassy.   For reasons I truly can't explain, we decided to stay for a beer before heading to our destination. We both threw down a brew nasty, paid and left. Unfortunately for Olive or Twist, the visit would probably be our last.  On a positive note, there was an interesting man setting up for what looked like a live acoustic set. His warm-up sounded good but we left before he really got started.    When it's all said and done, we should have just went to the Sharp Edge down the street. Probably a much safer bet for future endeavors.
Owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal.
This bar is cramped, overpriced, and the service is unbelievably slow. Happy Hour runs 4-6, so you'll show up at 5, have no place to sit or stand, and will only be able to get *maybe* 2 drinks during happy hours You'll then be told that the upstairs (which is actually not bad) will be opening at 5, even though you're asking at 5:20 (this has seriously happened all three times I've been there).  Seriously, avoid this place. When one of your co-workers suggests a work happy hour, direct them anywhere else.
Very disappointed.  I had been to Olive or Twist for drinks and really enjoyed it but had never been there for a meal.  I was going to a show at the Benedum with a friend and made reservations about a week and a half before the show.  We arrived about 15 minutes early for our 6:00 reservation expecting we may not be able to be seated yet.  The problem is that even though I called and made a reservation (including the person answering the phone taking my name and phone number and repeating the date and time) we were told there was no reservation for our name.  The hostess said something along the lines of "are you sure you called here to make a reservation and not somewhere else"  Yes, I'm pretty sure I called the right restaurant...  She kept looking at the room of empty tables, looking at the book and then looking at us.  After a few minutes of back and forth, she told us the lounge upstairs was open and we were welcome to grab a table up there.  So we trudged upstairs.  All that was available were small high top tables.  Being a Friday night, it was packed with the happy hour crowd and was pretty noisy.  Not really the environment we were looking for but we decided to make the most of it. We started with the Buffalo Chicken Dip appetizer.  It is served in a martini glass with toasted/fried pita chips.  It was tasty and we were surprised at how much dip there actually was.   The problems with food began with the pacing of the meal.  We had our appetizer for under five minutes when our entrees came out.  It may not have been a big deal if we were at a real table in the restaurant downstairs, but being at the high top bar tables, we had no room for our drinks, appetizer and meal.  We found ourselves stacking stuff and pulling things off the table in order to fit everything.  It was frustrating.  Not to mention that we would either have to let our entrees get cold as we finished the appetizer or let the appetizer get cold as we ate our entrees.   With as much as we enjoyed the appetizer, we were looking forward to our meals. Unfortunately, they were very disappointing.  My friend ordered the french dip sandwich with a side of mashed potatoes.  Her potatoes were ice cold and sandwich luke warm.  When she mentioned it to the server, the server said "so would you like me to take them back or are they ok"  When would cold mashed potatoes ever be OK?  When her potatoes were brought back warmed, she was disappointed because they were called "garlic mashed" but she said they were pretty bland with not much garlic at all. I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken.  It was described as "grilled chicken seasoned with jerk spices, pepper jack cheese, garlic mayo and pineapple chutney on a Kaiser roll"  No mention of a tomato.  When I got the sandwich, there were three tomatoes on it.   Thankfully I just dislike tomatoes and it wasn't an allergy issue.  There was also no pineapple chutney.  When I asked about it, the server told me they use a sauce and it must have been soaked into the roll. Overall, very disappointed.  I wanted to love Olive or Twist because I really enjoyed the time I had visited for a drink, but the dining experience was sorely lacking, especially for a dinner that was supposed to be a nice laid back start to our girl's night out.
At the request of a friend, we had a brief girls night out at Olive or Twist. My first impression was the outdated decor. The restaurant has carpet which I find off putting. The drink menu is extensive; but, with the exception of one person in my party, we each found our drinks far too sweet. I ordered the cucumber basil martini, which was so sweet I had to send it back. The food was mediocre. I ordered the burger medium and it was over cooked to nearly well done. And then there was the cheesy lounge singer who sang a mishmosh of singer songwriter tunes from the 80s. The music was so loud and so bad that my friends I left and headed down the street to Butcher and the Rye.
I stopped in last night for a drink with a group of friends... we were in town visiting and I had been wanting to try this place out since we walked past it on the last trip... what a disappointment.  The server was prompt to greet us and drop off drink menus, but then she failed to return to take our order for at least 20 minutes.  It would've been different if she had been slammed, but the entire time she was standing by the bar, just talking to her coworkers.  By the time she came to take our order we were ready to leave... and we should have... the martinis were not good and the server's disposition left much to be desired.  When we were ready to leave she made us feel like it was a bother to split our tabs between the five of us.  The one positive of the place was that I liked the ambiance, but it wasn't enough to make up for everything else being lackluster.  What I was hoping to be a great ending to the night turned into a dismal experience that put everyone in a bad mood.
Not a fan of the service. Or I should say lack of. It literally killed me to leave a tip. No one deserves it. And I once tipped a server that never even waited on me before she left for the day. I overtip EVERYBODY and today it was all I could do to leave 20%.
If you want a SNOTTY attitude this is the place for you, with sub-par food with high prices, you have found the perfect place for a bad combination. Upon entering the door at 3:40 pm the hostess said to us (my daughter and I)" We can seat you if you promise to leave by 6pm", now take it there is 16-18 tables with one table occupied. I guess we promised, so she seat us at the worse table in the House, near the bathroom/kitchen and next to the fire extinguisher. When we told the waitress this table was not working, she threw our menus on the table next to us. The food was minimal in size and minimal care of preparation, my daughter order a salad with chicken, the salad came out first, then a plate of chicken came out later for the customer to put on top of salad. My salmon was bland, and asked for lemon to help the dish out, and never received the lemon.. left half the salmon uneaten.  DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS ESTABLISHMENT
If you are a female group be prepared to be ignored by the male bartenders.  Stood patiently to get waited at the bar upstairs a male customer came up and he quickly served he pointed out to the bartender we had been standing there and he just looked at him like so what.  Guess the men at olive or Twist only like men.
I had mixed feelings coming here on a Monday night for dinner after hearing about a really bad experience a friend of mine had not too long ago. We had a groupon that my girlfriend had purchased and we had to use it because it was expiring that week. The place was a bit crowded nothing outrageous that would make us want to go somewhere else, we were actually seated within five minutes with no reservation so far so good right? Well that's where it ended. Our waitress was the textbook version of horrible service. Drinks took forever to be delivered to our table, my girlfriends food was cold, and she forgot the soup that we had ordered. The food itself was decent ( I had the pepper crusted salmon) and the drink was just "meh". I really don't feel sorry at all for our waitress all, her attitude was horrible, and she wasn't really busting her butt waiting on multiple tables. Let it be known, if you plan on taking orders without writing them down, you better be able to deliver. The "acting manager" sat down at our table and apologized and took an extra 15% off our bill. I couldn't wait to get out of there and don't have any plans on returning anytime soon.
My husband and I waited until after 10pm to come here because it was busy for a private event! I had my eyes set on the short ribs which is basically roast!!!!!! Yes roast! Enough said not impressed not happy and being we came up from Syracuse we obviously will never return! $70 bill and it wasn't good at all!!!!!
Called in November to secure the upstairs for our wedding after party and were instructed that they do not accept reservations over a month prior to the event.  We were told to call back a month prior which we did only to learn that upstairs had been booked by another party.  Upon speaking to Brandon we learned they do in fact accept reservations over a month out.  So either the person we spoke with on the phone was misinformed or said that to get us off the phone.  In any case when learning this Brandon simply stated that we were wrong repeatedly and offered no alternative.  I wasn't expecting them to cancel the other party to accommodate our party.  However when I asked what he do to accommodate us he was unapologetic and rude.  The customer service displayed was some of the worst I have ever seen.  Luckily an establishment in the area heard our issue and was SYMPATHETIC and worked with us to resolve our issue.  I will never set foot in that place again or spend a single cent there ever.
Tried to order  one of the 5 dinner specials...the lobster mac and cheese and they were out (at only 7 pm... prime time dinner hr).... so I ordered the peppered salmon with mango salsa.... they brought me my meal but with no mango salsa.... just the salmon...all by itself.  I asked the waitress... didn't this come with the mango salsa topping?  She said oh yea it does... but we ran out that's why they didn't put it on..... needless to say.. it would be tough to eat peppered salmon with no salsa or sauce at all to offset the pepper.    I wasn't sure what to do at this point...so she said do you want some other sauce or something?  We asked her to check with the chef as to what he/she suggests.  5 min later she comes out and says they r going to make a new batch of mango salsa....I think to myself... I thought you were out and now they are making it?  Why didn't they do that in the first place.  They left my plate in front of me and 10 mins later they come out with a small bowl of salsa... by this time the rest of my table were done with their food...the meal was good with the salsa... but by now I was eating with everyone else done and my food was luke warm.  For a $20 meal at a  high end restaurant. ..This was quite a disappointment.
Completely agree with Deborah: decent sandwich on absolutely horrible bread - mealy tomato and brown lettuce, too.  I know it was only $4/$7 for a 6"/12" sub, but it was pretty bad.  (I bought a 12", intending to take half home for later, but I wound up throwing the second half away, and I NEVER throw away food.)    As a Italian grocery, it seems okay, but the attitudes are a little snippy, and it's a pretty grungy-looking place.
Maybe it's nostalgia for the cigar but I thought he looked ridiculous. He bragged about a $4 pepperoni roll. There's a reason it cost that, because it wasn't very good. The sauce was disappointing. I wouldn't come here for anything.
The italian coldcut sub was a travesty! Lots of STALE bread with skimpy meat portions, and no hots or flavor. Bread better suited for pigeons than people. I can find better Italian sandwiches back home in Baltimore. We'll feed these to our dogs when we get home.  You get what you pay for. Avoid this tourist trap!
First time in Pittsburgh, from Chicago.   1. NO ONE SEEMS TO KNOW HOW THE PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM WORKS. 2. What is with the silly system of paying on your way out sometimes? It seems like the dumbest idea ever. 3. Where are the reloadable transit cards? 4. Why are the conductors so incredibly angry? 5. Why do I need to request a stop on the "T"?  Of the public transportation systems I've used, this is definitely the most confusing so far. Even if the website had an easier to understand fare explanation.  Learn from the CTA. I have a new appreciation for Chicago Transit Authority.
Last night marked the second time in a week that I waited 30 minutes or more for a 71B in the freezing cold rain.   I was 5 minutes early for the bus I was trying to catch.  I can understand a delay during rush hour, but this was not.  The bus was running every 20 minutes both times, according to the PAT schedule. When I gave up last night and went into my apartment, it was an additional 10 minutes before the bus went by...So let's review: I waited a total of 45 minutes for a bus that was supposed to be coming past every 20 minutes.  For shame!  From now on, I'll be hoofing it across the East End instead of buying a bus pass.  It will be cold, but at least I'll be moving.
Don't ever get too comfortable with PAT--- they end up swiping everything out from under your feet, and then charging you a crapload for it.  I can't believe they're slashing more routes, and charging more!  Why would I pay you for continual service downgrades?!!?  You're not even offering a bus to the airport anymore here soon--- Do you know how many people ride that bus to WORK at/around the airport.  I tell you what.... Whoever runs your company is A DUMBASS to the 10th degree.  Get your shit together.  Seriously.  Id rather walk from my work downtown, to my home in Oakland (thats an hour walk, and MORE than a mile) while Im 8 months pregnant,  than pay you assholes to take me home.    P.S. I didnt even want to give it ONE star.
i visited pittsburg for 3 days and rode the metro      problem is im 74 yrs old the sign say seniors with medicaid card or state id ride free    they would not accept my new york state drivers license this has my birth date on it    person in booth was very rude and also i think he could not read    this left a bad taste for pittsburg    you need fo revise your signs
I bought a home over 3 and half years ago because it was on a bus line. One  year after they cut that  route after being there over 50 years. I think the way they operate is beyond poor and every year there is a far increase now i have to drive to a park in ride. You never know what you going to intale every day on teh bus. Ive been taking for about 10 years now and i think ive seen everything to the pee smell to no air to no heat to arguements between drivers and riders. If they continue on this path there will be no service to downtown just people who live in the city. They crossed out the suburbs. It should be the port authority of pittsburgh not allegheny county. The only thing is can say is the port authority drivers do a great job putting up with what they got. Oh and did i mention i cant tell you how many times they have broken down. Now they have a federal grant for the connectcard about time. Its only been in new york and dc for years!!! I am sure there will be lots of bugs in this system to
I don't understand why Pittsburghers routinely put up with the idiocy that is our public transportation system.  Port Authority of Allegheny County is public transportation with massive, severe, permanent brain damage.  Unreliable, buses routinely don't come at all during heavy commuting times (like when you're trying to get to work on time), many of the drivers are assholes, the fare doubled in a decade and the service was cut in half.  The county refuses to fund it.  Getting on and off is confusing.  When to pay is confusing.  The schedules are hard to read.  The service isn't frequent enough.  The subway system only goes to one neighborhood from downtown.  This is horrible and it's one of the main things keeping Pittsburgh from being as great a city as it can be.  Call center people are sometimes rude and mostly unresponsive.  What else?  The buses smell like urine.  Sucks, sucks, sucks.  I live 3 miles from downtown and I commute by walking every day, to and from, because Port Authority of Allegheny County buses suck that bad.
The only pro about Port Authority is it gets you from point a to point b.   I've had buses that smell like pee. I've had buses where the bus drivers are yelling at drivers or people downtown. Screaming insults out the window.  Had a bus driver doing like 70mph down McKnight road.  At least twice a week I get a bus that's farebox is broke.  Yeah a free ride is nice but port authority is always crying wanting to increase their already ridiculous fare prices. Routes are always getting cut which leaves buses jam packed.   They introduce the connect card (an alternative to cash and passes. If I load $20.00 onto the card I should be able to get a transfer without entering cash the drivers don't know that and argue about it.  Feel free to train your employees.   On an 80 degree day one buses heat was on full blast. Not the drivers fault. He finally pulled over restarted the bus and it read 98 degrees before the air worked.  Buses are late all the time.  When going to work I need to leave at least an hour before I should have to, to ensure I get to work on time.   I can go on forever...
Port Authority sucks! They have the worst transportation service ever in Pittsburgh. Buses are never on time, they are either too early, too late, and buses are so crowded that the bus drivers never do anything about it! THey don't have an extra bus, they are short on bus drivers, and when it's so busy during events, games, parades, and when buses are full and people who don't drive depend on buses and try to get to where they are going, you have to wait like a whole hour for the next bus to come! They also cut back bus services and lay off all these bus drivers. Pathetic!!!! ALSO MOST OF THE BUS DRIVERS ARE PLAIN RUDE AND COMPLAINING TO PORT AUTHORITY DOES NO GOOD! WHY DO THESE IDIOTS STILL HAVE JOBS IF THEY DON'T KNOW HOW TO TREAT CUSTOMERS? VERY INCONVENIENT! IF I HAD A CAR, I WOULDNT HAVE TO DEPEND ON PORT AUTHORITY BUSES!!! I rather be stuck in traffic than trapped on a crowded bus with a bunch of smelly idiot and rude people who give you no room to stand, especially when they have so much room and people hog up seats. Pittsburgh is known for their worst transportation! They should reimburse you for your time that they waste and give you a free ride!
Port Authority of Allegheny County employs some very, very bad drivers.  A driver deliberately cut me off a few minutes ago on Liberty Avenue downtown. Further, the driver did not express that he was sorry for cutting me off and forcing me to swerve into oncoming traffic.   The driver is a middle-aged man. He was driving the G2 bus. The bus number is 5525.   I will call the Port Authority in a few minutes to lodge my complaint; however, I wanted to lodge it here too for two reasons. First, the complaint bears on the Port Authority's ability to keep its riders safe (because the driver almost caused an accident, which could have resulted in injuries to the riders of the bus). Second, if this driver causes an accident in the future, I hope this complaint will help injured parties make a case for negligent retention or negligent supervision against the Port Authority.
Officials estimated about 400,000 people would be in downtown for the 4th of July.  I wish someone had informed the Port Authority of this.  Maybe then they would have had more than one bus running every 20 minutes after the fireworks.  Every single bus stop in downtown had about 300 people waiting for the already overcrowded buses.  If a bus actually did stop (some were so full, they just drove by), fights would break out over who of the 300 people would get one of four standing room only spots on the bus.
How is it port authority has the money to build a pointless over pass on the east liberty busway, but can't update their online system for smart phones to be able to determine where a bus is located at? I waited two hours today in the freeZing cold to get to work. Had to call off it was just to cold out!
The Port Authority runs a convoluted and inconsistent transit network - I hate Uber's business model, but there's a good reason services like it have found such a hold on Pittsburgh. The buses stop running regularly between 10:30-11:30 on weeknights and around midnight on the weekends, some buses require you to pay on exiting, which is bizarre; the timetables on the weekends sometimes feature forty-five-minute gaps between buses and the T only serves the South Hills. In general, I'm disappointed as a new resident without a car to have discovered Pittsburgh to be such a car-centric city when there are so many ways the Port Authority could be improved and expanded. As I write this I'm half an hour late to work due to a late 28x - if you need to be somewhere, leave 90min in advance or risk being as unpunctual as the buses.
It's good if you want to wait 10 hours for a bus or trolley which I had to do all day long it gets worse you can't get wifi connection ether also the bus drivers are sometimes jerks
They say you get one chance to make a first impression.  The airport is a good place to do it.  PAT gets one entire star for:  * Not showing up in accordance with the posted schedule * Lacking a clue where the missing bus was * Ornery driver who finally arrived, discharged passengers, and refused to board any of the refugees waiting at the airport bus stop, without even a word of explanation * Refusing to refund the fare paid for no service * Wasting over an hour of my time.  Fact: My connecting flight from St. Louis took less time than my trip from the airport bus stop to Oakland.  Big league cities need big league transportation.  Get in the game, PAT.
First off:  I'm a picky eater, so take this with a grain of salt.  Okay, I'm not from pittsburgh.  I am not overweight, not a hipster, not on any of the plethora of drugs, I own my own home,  Probably most of all, I've never heard anything about this place before walking in, so I had no idea what to expect besides "Lets get breakfast."  If you are the opposite of any of these points, this place is probably worth a try for you.  We had a horrendous wait, but I think that was a complete fluke:  we had a huge group and there was an event that weekend...I don't think anyone with less than 3-4 had that long of a wait at all.  The waitresses are ornery, but not rude...just clear.  They aren't going to make nice or kiss your rear, they're not there for that.  I found this respectable, and liked it.  But the food?  Oh God.  Pros:  Portions are massive, all the other reviews will tell you that.             1) Prices are reasonable, cheap even, but I suppose that has something to do with the fact that the first pound or two of your meal is pure potato.  Seriously...I think I had at *least* three idaho russets in chipped form on my plate alone.             2) ....uhm.  ....  Nothing was dry?  Cons:  There was no color anywhere.  Absolutely everything on every plate I saw in the place was some blend of beige.  Potatoes, egg white, pancake, sausage...after you tilted the whatever-grease-that-was out of your dish, everything was the same color.                Half my dish was potato.                The egg was not over-medium, it was still-runny, even the whites.  I presume this was because they were slammed, and didn't have time to cook what were almost certainly factory-chicken eggs.              The sausage was not identifiably sausage.              I had my entire day's required calories in butter alone on the toast.              There was seriously nothing remotely healthy on this menu.  Nothing raw, nothing green, nothing fresh, not even as an ingredient. Even McDonalds has a fruit cup, ffs!  TACO BELL has better quality food!                Take one look at the clientele when you walk in.  It attracts exactly the kind of people you would picture in a dingy greasy-spoon truck-stop.  If you are not one of those people, Do Not Bother, this place makes Denny's look classy.
Clearly based on other reviews, I should try this during daylight hours.   We went after a long night out, landing there around 2:30. I've been to plenty of late night places, after-hour bars, etc, but I've never been as scared as I was at Jo-jo's.   2 fights broke out while we were there. First a group of guys, then their girlfriends. Then a guy at the next table threw up on the ground -some splashing on my leg.   Then we heard police sirens and the fights were escalating - so we bolted. Maybe this is a rare experience? Anyway - I won't be heading back anytime soon!
This was the worst service I have ever gotten, the employee at the airport avis center stole money from us. We were trying to rent a car in the airport and we thought the price was too expensive, so we asked her not to swipe the card while we confirmed that we wanted this price while we leave she swipes our card. And what happened we are 3500$ short.   Also the prices are really bad here, for one car the price with insurance was 3500$ while at enterprise is 1700$.   We still haven't gotten our money back and now we have no money in the middle of nowhere Pennsylvania. Avis customer service says we have to wait 72 hours. Thanks for starving us avis and making us sleep in our cars.   Never go here.
I rented a car with this location as the drop off point. I returned the car to the parking garage as instructed and then went to the front desk. I signed all paper work and returned the keys. About 4 days later I received an awful phone call where I was being accused of causeing damage to this vehicle. I became very angry. I called the location back and was again accused of causing "concrete" damage to the vehicle. I asked the lady if they had viewed the cameras in the parking garage to which she replied, "We don't own the cameras." The lady wanted me to write a report stateing I hadn't run into anything. When I asked her what would happen if I didn't waste my time as a customer writing a report she replied, we'll do what we have to do. I will never ever use this company again nor recomend them to anyone else, worst experience and customer service ever!
Worst customer service at this place. I chose this location as my return. And any minute late return you will be charged with a full hour rate. Which was almost as much as a daily rate. No grace period or understanding at all. Then all the staff repeatedly said like a parrot "call corporate". She was as useless as a TSA agent. And she ask the customer to go to the car and perform her work. I had to run t the car and record the mileage for her. Why didn't I get paid then?
The food was just OK. Soggy french fries on a greasy cheese steak pattie.  The service was awful, noise, and not helpful for a newcomer to Primantis and Pittsburgh.
We ate at Primanti Bros based on the reviews on Yelp, hoping to get a real taste of Pittsburgh. What I ordered was a sandwich labeled Pittsburgher Cheese Steak. What I got was an inedible slab of overcooked mystery meat, cole slaw, and mediocre fries, on white bread. The sandwich was very small, but I only ate 1/2 of it anyway, and I have a pretty big appetite. I recently ate a 20 oz cheeseburger at a local burger joint.  I was truly shocked. That was the worst meat that I have seen since Junior High School. We would have been much better off at Burger King. Luckily we had a nice lunch at Salim's to wash the taste of this junk of our mouths.
Worst sandwich on Earth. I'd rather eat a dead whore. Please...never come here.
oh primanti's, you always disappoint! how can so much food bear so little taste? despite a brilliant premise (put all your edibles in the sandwich, leave your other hand free for the potables) the execution leaves much to be desired.  1. these guys can never seem to cook their fries properly. they are always greasy on the outside, raw and mealy on the inside. don't think that just because they're INSIDE the sandwich doesn't mean you can get away with crappy fries.  2. the bread. what the heck dudes? if you're going to put 3 lbs of ingredients in the sandwich, try to use a bread that doesn't immediately turn into insipid play-doh in your hands.  I like disgusting junk food as much as anyone (see my rave review of the O), but I wish the primanti's goons would put a little bit more effort into their sandwiches. seriously guys -- take some pride in your work and make something good for once. and check the thermostat on your fryolator already!
GROSS!!! Many people told me to go here and I was totally disappointed! It was bland, the coleslaw was too tangy (and only contained cabbage) and the meat was scary! Good thing it's super cheap. Do NOT get the cheese-steak sandwich if you go even though it says #2 best seller, it's awful!   Okay on to service... Everyone seemed like they hated their job. Someone at my table asked for no tomatoes and add onions and of course she got tomatoes and no onions.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing and maybe they were all just having a bad day... Who knows.
Everyone knows that that if you go to Pittsburgh, you go to Primanti Bros. (My friends and I were in town for a Pirates/Phillies game, and the PNC Park Primanti Bros was packed the entire game.) We visited the Market Square location, and if you eat on the patio, it's a fun place to hang out and drink some Iron City beers.    I got the Black Angus Sandwich. It was quite large, cut in half, and brought on a piece of wax paper. As it turned out, I'm pretty sure the wax paper would have tasted better. It was really, really, not good. I did eat the first half, but the bread was so tasteless, I thought maybe it would be better if I ate the other half piece by piece. The coleslaw was OK, but the french fries were awful, and the little bit of actual meat had little taste. We had little to no contact with employees, but a cab driver told us about a young couple who dared to ask for a sandwich at another Primanti Bros without coleslaw, and were treated really rudely. Because you know, people being rude is hilarious.   So I guess if you want an authentic Pittsburgh experience then go here. But if you want actual decent food, avoid at all costs
My family always wanted to try Primanti. What a huge disappointment at the Anchor drive one. The pizza was served with a mound of burnt ashes on the bottom. Not a little, but teaspoons of it, all over. The ovens are not cleaned. I ordered the fish sandwich which came out cold, a soppy mess from the oil on the bread and a chunk of coleslaw core inedible. My sons was no better. The waitress saw we had taken only one bite and asked if we wanted to take home. We both said 'no way.' She didn't flinch and didn't care. I don't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid. In Philly, they'd be out of business in a heartbeat. It is also a dirty, noisy unkempt premises.
After sitting there and being ignored for 25 minutes we just left!
Clearly should have read a few reviews before going here. Whenever I go to these types of iconic regional dining establishments, I order the house specialty to best judge the place on its supposed merits. Since it was 11 in the morning, I chose not to order Primanti's #1 best seller, which the waitress told me was beer, but perhaps that would have made my experience better. As it was, I ordered the #2 best seller, the cheese steak. It was heinous.   Think a grimy, mechanically separated Salisbury-style steak with a meager slice of provolone on sliced Italian bread served signature Primanti-style: with coleslaw, tomatoes, and fries.  First, the steak was disgusting: terrible flavor (smelled and tasted like hippie armpit, which I'm not necessarily opposed to as long as it's not involved in something I'm trying to eat) with a gross, processed meat texture. Secondly, the fries easily overwhelmed the sandwich, with their old fryer grease taste. Additionally, the sandwich was unwieldy and threatening to fall apart at every turn--a trait I don't hold against decent-tasting sandwiches, but this lack of structural integrity just added insult to injury.   My dining partners were equally disgusted by their choices: corned beef and ham & cheese sandwiches, respectively. Easily the best part of the meal was the Smallman Street Fries, and those were equally lack-luster. The "bacon" was simply bacon bits (oh, the humanity!), the chili was uninspired, and the cheese sauce and sour cream did little but soggy the fries. (Did I mention they tasted like old fryer grease?)    I will never go back and I will immediately disregard the culinary opinions of anyone who thinks Primanti Bros. produces decent food.
Wildly overrated.  I compare it to Pat's and Geno's in Philly, good when your drunk, but only when your drunk.  I went to Pitt for 4 years and I have to say I never understood the Primantis hype.  I dont know how you get famous for putting fries on a sandwich when the fries suck.  They are soggy and tasteless, maybe the worst I've ever had.  I will say the coleslaw is pretty good, and I'm not usually a coleslaw guy, but it doesnt make up for all the other shortcomings.    Half the sandwich falls out while your eating.  The "cheesesteak" might be the most tasteless sandwich ever.  You have to use a whole bottle of hot sauce just to get a little flavor.    Primantis sucks...go to Fatheads on the Southside or Uncle Sam's in Oakland.
I realize it's a sandwich shop and I dared to order a salad - but their menu is limited - so why put something on it if you're not going to do it right? Ordered a grilled chicken salad, take out. Got back to the hotel and found it had a pile of tasteless, cold french fries on it...so cold they never melted the shredded orange cheese-food underneath them. Also no salt or ketchup was included, so even if I DID want to eat stone cold, unseasoned fries, they would suck. The balsamic dressing I ordered was replaced by (fake) raspberry vinaigrette, so repulsive it required a trip all the way back  to the restaurant to get the correct dressing, which they were out of. Would have been nice to have been asked, since they did have Italian on hand - seems like a closer match. The iceberg lettuce, olive, and tomato salad, oh yeah, it did have a bit of chicken on it too, was okay once I scraped all that orange congealed "cheese" off.  That and all the smokers hanging around the place (and Pittsburgh in general), I would say this place is a totally over-rated dump.
ate at the one in North Versailles. floor filty, all young kids running the place, poor service, poorly made sandwich, very bad overall. The should have a manager on duty. I wont be back. thanks
So this is a Pittsburgh instiitution??  Am so underwhelmed.  After waiting more than 20 minutes for our sandwiches (in the end these are still just sandwiches), they came out cold - and I'm not just talking about the meat, lettuce, tomatoes - everything was cold including the fries.  What a disappointment.  Head to DiBellas - much better service, subs and sandwiches.
Previous reviews have said it well: Lackluster, tasteless food.  Ate at Primanti Bros with a group of friends while in Pittsburgh; we heard about it from 'Man vs. Food' and were assured that it is a Pittsburgh institution. The sandwiches are large and the pricing is fine ($6-$9), but what you get is a sloppy sandwich with food service-grade meat topped with lukewarm fries. Good in theory, bland in execution; it's a lot of calories without the accompanying flavor.  We also had terrible service at the Market Square location; I'll chalk this up to a fluke. The patio seating at the Market Square location is wonderful on a sunny day, but it started to rain and they actually retracted the awning, explaining that it wasn't designed to get wet --but apparently their customers are.  The legacy and infamy might tempt you to eat here, but take your money elsewhere and buy good-tasting food instead of kitsch.
There was basically no cheese on my "cheese combo sandwich", the fries were gross, and the waitress was nasty to us.
Well, it finally happened: I had to give a place a single star. And it kills me that the place I gave it to had to be Primanti's. I'm an awful Pittsburgher.  I don't give low ratings easily or often, so believe me: this place pushed all of my buttons to earn this awful review. In fact, the single star was only earned because the place is cleaner and more comfy than some of the other Primanti places I've been too. It kind of has an old diner feeling to it and I liked that.   Alas, that's all I liked.  So, why such a low score? Well:  The service was terrible. After spending twenty minutes sitting without anyone coming to refill my water or ask for my actual order - note, the place was almost completely empty - I went to the register to ask for something to eat, which I'd started to think I had to do after watching a couple people do the same (in hindsight, I probably misinterpreted their actions, but my mistake does not excuse what happened next). My waiter looked at me and went, "Don't you get the concept of a restaurant? Haven't you been to any restaurants, like, ever? Sit back down and I'll take your order."   And not even in a joking manner that made me feel like I could smile about my mistake - this guy was being a condescending, rude, arrogant person. It was unbelievable. Utterly, totally unbelievable. If I hadn't met company there that night, I would have walked out right then.  To make matters worse, this was not a good night to order anything at Primanti's. The coleslaw was way too sweet and there was far too much of it, the fries were bland and had no texture at all, and there was barely any meat on my sandwich at all. The result? A big pile of carbs that really didn't taste great after the first few bites, rather than a delicious sandwich.  Before you all kill me, please note: I LIKED my meal at Mt. Lebanon's Primanti location. They also have a more diverse menu, which is always a bonus for me - I like having more options. I think in the future, I will stick to that location in this local chain, where even on a busy night I managed to get food in a decent amount of time. I certainly will not be coming to the downtown location if I spot my previous, downright awful waiter working there again.
I can't for the life of me figure out why all the hype. I was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat. But I'm a tourist here, and wanted to try it.  It was a sandwich mostly of slaw and fries.    The thick white bread was dry and boring; too crusty.   The fries on the sandwich overpowered the taste! So I dismantled it. When the rude server asked how I liked it, I was honest. He gave me big time attitude and commented that I took it apart. I told him, I took it apart because it was a horrible sandwich (the pastrami, by the way). And that, sir, is why you got a $0.35 tip! (never give a zero tip, they'll think you forgot, always leave just a small amount of change)  If you have to put all that hot sauce on the sandwich to make it palatable, why bother?  (The server, as he walked away, told me it's really good with hot sauce, which was just Tabasco, which I don't like, any way!)  They left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich!  Of the 4 staff members I came in contact with, all but 1 were rude, unfriendly and uncaring. One constantly walked by trash that had blown off outdoor tables without picking it up.  The fries were good.   Nope, won't be back.
I've heard all the hype and wanted to try it.  Tonight was my second attempt here.   First time, new girl on the grill apologized to me at 10 minutes, at 15 I walked.  Not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff.   Tonight, the waiter seemed mad that I didn't know what I wanted to order.  After I explained that I'd never been there, he brought me a menu and then proceeded to ignore me for 10 minutes.  I walked again.  No more tries here.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong?  Haha.
Had lunch here while visiting friends in the area .... After seeing all the hype about this place on various tv food shows I was very excited to eat hear . WOW ,,, what a dissapointment , This place is so over hyped it isnt funny . To compare this place to the famous sandwich places is NYC is a joke . The sandwiches may be big , but only because they are over stuffed with fries and cole slaw . To steal a line from a old TV commercial .... WERE'S THE BEEF .....  A major major dissapointment .
I was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed! Everything was bland, nothing had seasoning, not even basic salt. Soggy fries, tasteless meat, average coleslaw on white bread trying to double for Italian bread. Save your time, money and calories and go to Wendy's instead.
Super slow service. They have inside and outside seating which is nice. However, they only have two waitresses outside for about 20 tables. They don't take your entire order they only take your drink order and then your good order. It took 10 minutes to get our drink order. After finally getting our drinks she waited another ten minutes to come get our food. When we ordered our food when I asked for light coleslaw she said they can't do that and for me to just take it off. She explained that they just put fistfuls on it. So why can't they just put less fistfuls on it?    Our waitress was very rude and didn't make me feel welcomed at all. She never introduced herself and just treated us like animals.   I would never tell anybody to go to the Primanti Brothers again downtown. The one in Oakland is so much nicer and better quality.   It's really bad management to have only two people serving outside when there are over 20 tables. It's not fair for the customers or for the servers.   While the food was good as always it wasn't worth the wait because it just took to long. The service wasn't nice at all and I wouldn't tell anybody to come here when it's crowded.
I had lived outside of Pittsburgh for a couple of years and have eaten at this Primanti Brothers location four or five times. Their sandwiches were always tasty, worth the wait and the trouble of finding parking etc. So, when my parents came to visit, and we made a trip out that-a-way, I knew that would be a lunch stop. We ended up coming into Pittsburgh on Sunday around 1pm. I knew it would be crowded and anticipated having a wait. We got a table after 15 to 20 minutes and quickly sat down before someone else did. It took the waitress about 10 minutes to come and clear the previous customers remnants, which was ok.   We ordered our beers and were told that she'd come back and take our order. She came back 20 minutes later, with the beers and took our order. After that, we sat around and waited for our sandwiches for 35 minutes. When we did finally get our food, it was ice cold. The fries in the sandwich were completely soggy and cold, and the meat was barely warm. Our table ran out of napkins, and we asked for some, but they never came, finally, the table next to ours handed us a few. Maybe it was because it was cold, but the sandwiches weren't that great. I had very little meat in mine, and more coleslaw that anything else. Also, the thickness of the bread seems to have increased since I last ate here because about 60% of my sandwich was bread. We were fairly disgruntled about the whole thing, but were still going to leave a tip for the waitress.   Then, my dad went to the bar to pay. He stood there for 10 minutes, behind another customer. The server came up to them and said 'what the hell are you doing up here?', in those words!! My dad was so stunned be just stood there, the guy in line ahead of him told her that he was waiting to pay his bill, so she cashed him out and then turned around to do something else, when my dad said 'excuse me, i need to pay too', she replied to him ' Jeez, you guys are so demanding! Why the hell are you in such a hurry". That is when their tip went straight out the door with us.   We were ok waiting for a table, we were even ok waiting for our food; it took them one hour from the time we sat down, to the time we got our food, and then the server had the audacity to behave in that manner. Either Primanti Brothers has become too big for their boots and let things slide, or they need to train their staff to be more polite and efficient. We will definitely not be coming back the next time we are in town. Our money is better spent else where.
Worst service ever.  The waitress and I use that term loosely rolled her eyes at any question when ordering and yelled at someone at the table for asking for coleslaw on the side.  Then she had to come back and re ask the orders again and got mad when we repeated about the coleslaw since she didn't repeat it back.  When she brought out the food she just slammed the food down and just shouted out the name of one of the sandwiches um are you asking who had which sandwich which is your job to remember anyways.  I'm glad I don't live in Pittsburgh to have to worry about avoiding this place.
Can I give this place ZERO stars? They're supposively "famous" for their sandwiches so some friends and I go when we are in town. The waitresses all rolled their eyes and glared at me for not wanting my fries on top of my sandwich. (Not to mention the waitress was in the skimpiest tank top with her bra hanging out while waiting on us and grilling food. Gross.) I get that your famous for having fries on the sandwich but regardless, a customer should be able to get what they want. This place was trashy, dirty and probably not even up to code.
This is the most overrated place bragged about in Pittsburgh. My first visit was to the one in South Hills. Waited 90 mins for 4 sandwiches. The coleslaw is gross and I'm a fan of coleslaw. Due to the 90 min wait I was given a gift card which I used at the one in Market Square. This time I got the grilled chicken salad. If you like chewing on rubber bands, I recommend it. It was the absolute worst salad I've ever had, how can you screw up a salad? The chicken was tasteless and rubbery. Got it to go and the girl who took the order over the phone was rude and rushed and was equally rude when I picked it up. She assumed she knew my name and my order and handed me a random bag of food. I told her I was missing a sandwich and she tossed another bag at me without saying a word. I will NEVER go back to any of these locations. I'd rather eat a ham sandwich from Sheetz. At least I can get that without an attitude. If you have friends coming to visit from out of town, take them anywhere but here. And for those who say you have to go to the original one in the Strip, no thanks, it's the same food. If you are looking for an awesome sandwich go to Schmitz Old World Deli in Greenfield.
Service sucked big time on Monday, June 9, at the Primanti's in Market Square. It took more than a half hour for my wife to get a cheese steak and the place wasn't even crowded. Missed the first inning of the Pirates game as a result. Boo!
Great food overall at all locations! Go to another location to eat though. The Market Square location has the most horrible service I've ever experienced. Horrible!
Absolutely horrible! Frozen meat patty with a dog food like taste and texture on the P'burgher. Seriously how does this place survive? Read Sarah F. review as it mirrored or experience at the strip district location. Will never return to any location!
Service was bad. Server walked away before we were done ordering and then when someone got her attention she had to return 5 minutes later to re clarify which it was wrong. We didn't see her for a good 20 minutes and had to go up to the bar for refills. She did take one of our cups to refill it, sat it on the bar and left it there for 10 minutes, when we finally saw her again had to ask her to grab it off the bar. Highly disappointing Philly cheesesteak!! The meat in it is that of a frozen Salisbury steak TV dinner!! French fries were good.
Place sucks. Loser rude servers ignore you even if you stand at a register and wait- you will get ignored. This place is going down. Server said"you don't matter - I have a million people to take care of"   This was after waiting 20+ minutes at the register with cash in hand. I understand it's busy- but acknowledge people - appreciate customers! When you tell us to F off- you ar going DOWN! Rude! Not worth it.
Very bad foods. No flavor, very dried and under-seasoned.  Very bad service. They were rude. They had open each sandwich, break them into half, look into it to know what it is and start calling the name of the sandwich out at the table.  I do not recommend this place. I should have gone to subway.
The only thing this place has going for it is the local hype. The sandwiches lack flavor, it's just another one of those places you have to try once to say you did.
Many Pittsburgh locals suggested I give this place a shot when I took a business trip here. If this place is considered good to the locals, then I feel sorry for the people of Pittsburgh.  I ordered the Pittsburgher cheese steak and the Kolbassi & cheese. For both sandwiches, the bread used was extremely bland and borderline stale.  The bread would crumble with each attempted bite, eventually leading to me abandoning them.  The fries were so dry and stale tasting as well that I thought it better to just throw them out. The veggies were about average, not fresh, but didn't taste gross.  All that was left were the cheese and the meats. They may have been the most disappointing because I thought that I could maybe at least enjoy that. Essentially, the entire sandwich was inedible and I settled for Five Guys instead.
The sandwiches seem like a neat idea because they're stuffed with Fries and coleslaw.  But that's about all you taste when you eat their sandwiches.  In reality there's very little meat, lots of bread, lots of fries, and as a result their sandwiches are very dry and flavorless. Add lots of ketchup to help the chewing process.
Saw this place featured on the travel channel and was looking forwarded to trying it.  Got here and the place had limited customers and were not busy, service was poor and they were out of a variety of items.  I had the pastrami &cheese sandwich and it was good, but overall this place is overrated, very disappointed, considering the reviews from the travel channel.....Never coming back
Came here with another couple who are from here. We ordered at same time.  We sat at the counter. They got their food after 5-10 minutes. We got ours 25 minutes later.  We saw orders both dine in take out come after our order - they went out while we still waited for ours.  Sitting at the counter,  we saw what we thought was our order on the grill just frying on the there for a long time.  We asked the skinny guy with glasses who was our waiter what happened to our sandwiches- he hand gestures towards the grill and mumbles something while walking quickly away. We finally get our food after the other couple  had almost finished. Sure enough the food that had been sitting on the grill was ours - it was over cooked and burned.  I sent it back - showed the gal my burned pastrami sandwich.  Her response was that the black or burn was my pastrami.  She has an attitude and reluctantly made me a new one in 5 minutes. The ice tea tasted old and we had to wait until we got the bill to get a refill.  In watching this operation from the counter they were more interested in singing the words to piped in music than serving the customers. This staff needs some serious lessons in public relations and social skills. For the most part they were rude and inattentive.  The food was ok.  I felt bad for the other couple who brought us here - they apologized several times for the service and our bad experience.  People make or break a business- too bad a few employees can tarnish a businesses reputation- I will not recommend this place - sorry. One star - should be no star, no tip, not coming back Ever!
Disgusting. Truly one of my least favorite places to visit in the neighborhood. Guests always mention they can't wait to try go here. I dread it at this point. Id prefer to never go back to this location. The staff is friendly. The bar isn't terrible, but the food is. You would think that since this is a chain then the food would be the same. Wrong. Somehow this location serves up poorly executed examples of menu items. Save yourself the hassle. Go to any other Primanti's besides this one.
Sandwiches look pretty good, service is pretty bad, I asked if I could get an egg over easy, and the staff said what's that. I explained it to them, and still didn't get what I wanted. I felt really uneasy in this place, and didn't want to talk to the staff any further, so I got up and walked out. Never going back. I know these guys are a staple of PGH, but the staff felt pretty dumb to me.
Food was ok. Not seasoned, fries were soggy and the people behind the counter were not friendly at all
Not worth even a one-time visit.  "Hey, it's my first time in Pittsburgh, and all the travel websites say to check out Primanti Bros!"  That's what I said to myself, at least. Spoiler alert: it sucks. For one, the service was terrible. My server just straight up forgot my order, and instead of asking me again, just ignored me for 20 minutes. And I was sitting right at the grill, so he walked by me about 30 times. I figured things were backed up since it was busy, but I finally spoke up after I overheard him and the cook whispering about how he didn't know what I ordered.  The food sucks. Their "signature sandwich" is plain white bread, a tiny serving of unseasoned "sirloin," a single slice of flavorless "provolone", a big stack of unseasoned French fries on the sandwich, and the blandest "cole slaw" I have ever had, then another slice of plain white bread.   You will leave smelling like cooking oil. And their beer selection sucks. They had one local beer, and it's Iron City, which you can get anywhere. This place is surrounded by other restaurants, and I wish I had gone to literally any single one of them.
I was so excited to visit them during my stay in Pittsburgh because 4 different people had recommended them to me, but when I called in to place a to-go order I was hung up on 3 times!! Horrible customer service! Y'all will not be getting ANY business/ recommendations from me!
First the only reason this place could possibly win best hoagie is because there's no competition. Two hoagies and a side of onion rings cost $25.74  So I'm thinking with the reader choice awards and $10 per 12" hoagie these will be awesome.   I was sadly mistaken.   The only reason I didn't give one star is because is the bread & dressing is fairly decent.   So on to the hoagies, the Italian is general run of the mill. Minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce. You get more meat at subway. Nothing really special & NOT worthy of the $10 price tag.   Second, the steak hoagie, it is atrocious.  No cheese?!?!? You have to add cheese for $1 so now the steak hoagie is $11. That has so little amounts of meat that I thought I was eating a lettuce & onion hoagie. I am thoroughly disappointed with this hoagie, possibly the worst value of a hoagie I've ever eaten.  I'm not say eating at subway is any better, but for the huge price difference you are better off doing so.  Check out pasquales down the road, better hoagie & price.
Possibly the most overhyped establishment in Allegheny County. If you're not a regular, you will be ignored by those who're tending bar. Beer selection is okay, the prices are good and the service is terrible. I would go here, but only if it was someone else's idea.
Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw. We will not be back . The iced tea is also terrible tasting.
I will start by saying we have a nice new deck. That is where the good part ends.  Why two stars if we have a nice deck now? Well, it all started in May when we had a man named Al come out and talk to us about the process. He was a true salesman, I'll tell you that. Not a straight shooter, but an excited salesman that wanted to sell... And we bought into it.  He told us they were backed up with the harsh winter and a lot of jobs, but they could probably start by June 24th. Mind you, this was the end of May we met with him. He said they would have to do a survey of our land and get a permit from Dormont before they started. We felt confident in going with them, and booked it.  Here's where things fell apart. Weeks went by with no word from them on the process. Finally I called and left messages. Al finally got in touch with me and the conversation was utterly confusing. He must have not understood me because he just kept talking in circles. So I hung up not knowing what was going on. Finally I called back and the admin told me that the survey could take a couple weeks to come back. I wish Al would have told us that.  So our June 24th date came and went. We finally got our survey. And they were quick to bill us for it, but no word on where we were in the process. I called back a couple times with no real answers from the admin. Apparently they were now waiting for the permit from Dormont.  A month later, I was frustrated and asked to speak with someone at the company. I spoke with someone who told me that Dormont usually takes a week to process the permit, but we were now going on a month. He told me he would bug the guy about it and we finally got it.   I completely understand that waiting on the permit is not their fault, but why no communication about it? Just call me and tell me they're waiting for the permit, but they'll work towards asking Dormont what the hold up is. Seems simple.  Finally we get the permit and work is supposed to start. Tuesday comes and they have to wait for approval from Dormont on holes they're digging. So holes are dug and equipment is put in my backyard and then nothing happens for two days. Where did everyone go? Who knows, because I wasn't informed!   I was upset and contacted the company owner, Dave, by email. I told him how frustrated I was about the lack of communication. He wrote me two sentences that  said "there will be acres there tomorrow morning to finish and most will be done tomorrow." Well, that didn't happen.  Then two other dudes show up two days later and did work for about three hours and left. The main guy comes back the next day and says they did it wrong. So apparently the part about how they wouldn't need access to my house changes to they're drilling bolts into my house to secure he deck.   Finally, the second week into construction, my tiny 10x11 foot deck is done. It was upsetting that they left the deck dirty, and all the dirt and cement they moved around wasn't cleaned up. I even asked them to fill all the holes they dug up and didn't use, and they only filled up one. When you create a construction project, isn't it just good business to clean it up and make it look nice? Didn't happen here.  My main point is, contractors have a reputation for not being the most trustworthy. Why be that company? Why not be an upstanding company that consumers can trust? My main issues with them were that things were not communicated to me properly up front, nor was the ongoing process communicated to me. Then they left everything unfinished in my eyes, leaving the site dirty. I understand things happen and things get delayed, but just email or call me. It's not that hard to keep me updated, it is 2014 with a million ways to be contacted.  Even though I have a nice deck (after I clean things up myself!), I would not recommend them to anyone.
Hoofah.
Average run of the mill store.  Associates are young teens and they really don't know where anything is.  Luckily I am able to get around to find everything.  Found my puppy treats and moved on.
Real talk:   I took my car through the carwash here once, got a nasty gouge down the side, and the guy at the counter didn't seem to care.   The car wash has since been decommissioned, which is totally OK because the getgo carwash across the street is excellent and better in every way.
Two meals, on the recommendation of a friend who lives near the place, and after the second trip, I was compelled to write. 'Rocky' would definitely describe the experiences.  On the first trip, I went to try their (at that time)raved about Reuben. And YET to find a true good Reuben in da burgh, I tried it.  Well, they were out of the proper bread, and the guy had to run to the store to buy the closest thing he could find, which was not the proper bread, and instead of one of their 'raved about' Reubens, I received two mini-Reubens, which basically took the guts from one Reuben, and spread it out onto two sandwiches on regular sized bread. I ate it. It wasn't great, but they swore it was because they'd run out of the bread. Bread or not, it still wasn't great. The atmosphere was pleasant in that 'blue collar bar' kind of way, and the staff was very nice, but not a winning pitch on the Reuben.  The second trip was after a long day of moving furniture with the same friend. Sat in the back room, instead of the bar, which felt more like a restaurant, of course, with the big screen TV covering the sports of the moment.  I was in the mood for dinner this time, and after a scan, decided on fried chicken and mashed potatoes with the salad bar. My friend ordered one of her faves, the breaded pork chops.  We hit the salad bar, which was uber-basic. Three soups (mostly vegetable loaded, which left me out), basic iceberg lettuce mix (very probably out of a bag), a few veggie toppings, and three or four dressings. It was a basic salad, no big deal. More or less an appetizer filler before the meal.  The mind-blower in this trip was the ordering of the fried chicken dinner. Our waiter looked like a 19 year old gas station attendant, skinny little blonde guy with a sweet but incredibly naive face, and an air of vapidity, which was confirmed when I placed my order. I asked what chicken pieces came in the dinner, and asked if it was possible to only get dark meat. I never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be. It literally took him two trips back to the kitchen to 'ask', and the child honestly had no clue what 'white meat' and 'dark meat' meant. The first answer he came back with was that the chicken came in a pre-portioned prepared bag, kind of Kentucky Fried Chicken style...which didn't answer my question, thus prompting the second trip.   After the second trip back I heard the cook holler 'Tell him I'll fix him up'.   Well, the chicken was prepackaged dreck like you'd find in the freezer case of Walmart, tiny and not good, and the potatoes had that slight tinge of chem-spuds flavor, laden with some kind of chopped up green (parsley?), and a side of that basic brown gravy served up in 5 gallon buckets.  Thank goodness for the basic salad bar.  Even my friend admitted that her pork chops were different and not what she'd expected. They also appeared to be from a freezer bag.  The irony was that the boy who didn't know white meat from dark meat, was chatting with some other customers...about baseball...and he was a genius about the mindless sport of baseball. Ahhhh da burgh.  Third base? Nah...why bother when there are so many other options around. Go on in a grab a beer and chat black and gold if you happen to be in Carnegie...they can help you out all types of ways in that area. Just don't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds.  From what I understand it 'used to be' really good homecooked food. But apparently, mama has left the kitchen.
We came here once before and remember it not being very good, but figured we'd give it another shot since it's pretty close to our home. It's still just OK. We didn't have to wait this time (Saturday morning at 10:30), but there was a wait throughout the time we were there. The menu is very basic- no specialty pancakes, waffles, or french toast and only 1 specialty omelette. There were no meal options, so if you want home fries or something, it's extra. The omelettes do include toast. (Great bread, btw!) We had to wait a while for our food, which was surprising because we've been to a lot of diners. My husband and I both got omelettes and agreed that the contents were not really cooked with the egg. It's almost like the egg was completely cooked and someone threw the cooked contents in there and just folded it over. As for my mushroom and cheese omelette, the cheese was lacking. My biggest peev about this place is that it's CASH ONLY. Perhaps I missed it, but I'm pretty sure this wasn't noted anywhere on the menu or the front door. Thankfully, we had enough to cover our bill, but's not a good way to end the meal when you're scrambling and digging for change. There are a lot of good diners in the area, so I doubt we'll be going back.
My first time going to Barb's Country Junction and I really wanted to like this place, I really did...however, I didn't.  The food was decent, some was above average and some below but it was overall decent. I got pancakes, bacon and eggs. The pancakes were really good and fluffy, the home fries were simply okay and the eggs were not cooked well. My son had a burger and it was good. The coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate. I would give the food 3/5.  The service was subpar for sure. While our waitress was a really nice girl, she wasn't on top of anything at all. Had to ask for coffee refills, had to ask for silverware, for napkins...etc. She got the order messed up and so on. I give the service 2/5.  The inside of the place had some country charm as you'd expect but want particularly cleanly. It also had a leaky roof in several places which had buckets collecting the water. A customer even tripped over the buckets and fell. I give the interior 2/5.  The prices were decent. I fed my whole family breakfast (3 of us) for $23. I give the prices 3/5.  So in summary, you can get okay food here for a rather cheap price but it is not a great place to dine in by any means. There are better diners in the area that I will patronize in the future rather than Barb's.
We traveled to Pittsburgh for a wedding and chose to stay at this extended stay. The photos were nice, and the reviews were decent. Front desk staff is very friendly and the room has spacious and laid out well and that's about it. The room was non smoking, which is clear that no one ever followed that rule. It stank so bad of smoke in there that when I came home, I had to wash my clean clothes because they smelled of smoke as well. Not to mention my allergies were in full effect. The bathroom was so inconvenient to get in and out of. The door opened to about 1cm from the toilet so you have to wedge yourself between the door and sink. Breakfast was pathetic. There was a row of fruit and a row of store bought muffins and a couple things of coffee, that's it.  I'll be sure to spend my money elsewhere next time.
It looks so much better in here since they changed from Paddy's to Riley's. It's a shame, however, that they had to keep that same curmudgeon of a bartender that ruins the experience. Can somebody notify me once they get rid of him?
Okay, so hopefully you haven't been enjoying happy hour @ Riley's Pour House before you read this or you might not be able to follow the lilting Irish owners.   To recap: Murphy's Pour House from 1979-1985. Sullivan's Pour House from 1995-2002. Paddy's Pour House from 2002-2012. And, bagpipe please, Riley's Pour House opens March 1 of 2012. Still with me?  It's a tiny long bar just like the old Irish pubs. No more smoking allowed. Hurrah!!!  Same lousy service.   My guess is that the entire place needs (no, strike that .... demands) an automated food/beverage ticketing system. None of the cooks, bartenders, or waitresses know who ordered what nor what ticket belongs to which table. It's actually pretty funny if you're not a) hungry or b) thirsty.   I really really want this place to do better. We need more Irish pubs and local old time watering holes.   Get it together, Murphy's ... er, I mean Sullivan's....er, I mean Paddy's or is it Riley's? ;  ).  Whatever the case, they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons.
I love LJS, but I  had to write a review regarding this particular location.  The inside is very dated and appears to be poorly cared for.  It smelled like burnt fish when we walked in the door.  It took about 15 mins for the food, so I figured it was gonna be all fresh...negative!  The fish was old and cold and fries were a very soft.  The corn lacked butter.  I didn't care for the onion rings and my boyfriend said the Coleslaw tasted spoiled.  The chicken planks and hushpuppies were the only things edible.    Service wasn't too bad - nice people.  Too bad a whole bunch of flies started flying around the dining area and prep area, which ruined my appetite.
Far away from real Chinese food. Doesn't even taste good as American style Chinese food.
I used to order takeout here once every month or so. The food tastes average and the price is good. It's your typical low-end Chinese place.   The last (and final) time I ordered here I just so happened to be picking up my order while a health inspector from allegheny county health department was making his rounds. While I was waiting on my food (which took much longer than usual) the inspector was pointing out violations. He also requested a copy of a certificate that the man behind the register was unable to produce. The inspector looked at me like I was crazy for waiting on my food despite the obvious poor conditions.    As for the rest of the place - it's always been kind of dirty inside. The carpets are just FILTHY and the walls match. There are always children's toys scattered about the floor because the owners children are always there, so be careful not to trip.   The workers do seem like nice people just trying to make a living but when it comes to cleanliness Don Don is lacking.
We visited Don Don Chinese restaurant in Carnegie a while back because we had the Entertainment Book coupon for buy one dinner get one complimentary dinner.  We ordered 2 regular dinners.  At the end when we went to check out and pay, the owner refused to honor the Entertainment Book coupon and offered a fruit cup instead, which we refused.   The food was acceptable, but refusing to accept the Entertainment Book coupon was not acceptable .  Needless to say, we never returned.
I bought a three month membership last year, mainly to attend the Silver Sneakers classes. I was in my early sixties and hadn't exercised in a while. I tried the evening classes but they were very crowded and difficult, so I tried a morning class for seniors. I like to stretch out before my class actually starts, so I went to the tail end of a yoga class. The women in this class were very nasty to me and told me that I wasn't welcome to stretch out in their class. I never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members. I didn't feel welcome here. I complained to the manager, who said that I was welcome to stretch out in whatever class I wanted to, but the hostility of these yoga students was very evident. Do they think that this is their private gym?
I have to say that I write this review with much regret, because I have always loved PaPa J's. But my recent experience there has changed my mind a bit.   From the minute we were seated, we were greeted by a server that was clearly inexperienced and didn't know the menu. As I said before, I've been to PaPa J's a good handful of times so I know the menu decently well, but the server couldn't explain any of the questions I had about a couple new dishes I was thinking about trying. I swear this guy must have just looked at the menu for the first time a few minutes ago.  But it wasn't just the knowledge of the menu. It was one thing after another with our server. My wife asked for a glass of water 4 times until she finally got it (at which point the meal was over, so we didn't care at that point).  I mean come on, for a restaurant of this calibre and price is it too much to ask for a glass of water? There was no one filling up water.  My biggest complaint, however, is what happened with our meals. My dad and I both ordered the trout special (trout with roasted red peppers and lump crabmeat). Instead, the meal that was delivered to both of us was trout with a heaping pile of spinach and mushrooms. Not what the special was at all.  And by the way, that item is on the menu as a regular item so whether or not the mistake was made by the server (which, we are sure it was) or the chef, who knows for certain. Not to mention, though, that a good server wouldn't have served us that regardless.   But before you think we had an unusal experience that was all due to a poor server, let me continue. When we informed our server of the mistake, he didn't really believe us until he checked his order sheet, and then he blamed the error on the chef. At this point, the meal had been sitting (because it took us forever to flag this guy down again) so the trout was basically cold. The server then said he would have the meals re-made. So, he took the meals back to the kitchen. Meanwhile, of course, my wife and mom are eating their meals and my dad and I are sitting there with no meals. Also keep in mind that my wife still had not gotten the water she had been asking for, and my iced tea had been refilled with a soda (yes, believe that or not). All the kitchen did was scrape their "mistake" off of our fish! They didn't remake anything. Our fish was served to us again with little pieces of spinach and mushrooms sticking all over it. Quite frankly, the fish wasn't good at all. I honestly would have rather had a fish sandwich from McDonald's that night. The server never did anything to try to make our experience better - he knew we weren't happy, but never offered anything such as dessert on the house. I'm not looking for a handout, but our experience was just plain awful that night. The guy never really even apologized for the mistake. Normally, I may have asked for a manager, but at this point I was ready to just get out of there (plus, we had to be somewhere else that night).  My opinion... for the money, there are many other restaurants I would rather eat at.
Coming here you get the feeling they haven't changed much.  The tables, the decorations, the menu.  All the same.  Does that make you a little worried?  Yes.  I ordered the mushroom ravioli and it was... oily.  Very very oily.  The actual ravioli was okay, enough mushrooms.  but it was oily.  Did I mention that?    Ambiance, like I said, left much to be desired.  I don't think I'd have this place on my list of "musts" for downtown.  Much better restaurants to visit!
Service in this place is poor because of lack of acknowledgment since people working there are "just" working . They have nice decor,nice bar and good bread. Consider where this place is ,the prices are really really high . Nothing is served on the side with main dishes ....
Papa J's is expensive and inconsistent.  The ambiance is nice but it doesn't justify the prices.  There are better restaurants in Carnegie.
Man has this place gone down hill.  My husband and I went a couple of weeks ago.  We had salads and pasta.  Both were on the verge of inedible.  With a single glass of wine, I felt downright robbed at the $50 price tag.  Seriously, I could have easily made what we had with jarred sauce and boxed pasta at home. Classico is better.  And the service was pretty absent to make it even worse... seemed she knew it was terrible and didn't want to deal with it.  Seriously, I'd rather eat at the OG.
Once upon a time, Papa J's was a great place to eat. Great food and knowledgeable wait staff. Unfortunately, after a couple of very unsatisfactory meals we will not be going back.  Looking for a great Italian meal? Look elsewhere.
Our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty.  We are not going back.!  The waitress started as attentive, but slowly slipped away to the point where things became frustrating.
I struggle to write this review simply because this dining experience confused me. First, the restaurant itself is on a convenient corner st in downtown Carnegie's main street. When you walk in you the first thing you see is a counter filled with desserts and amazing looking house made breads. It rather looks like a deli counter. You have to walk around to get to the hostess station and then can go left to the bar or right to the dining area. A bit confusing layout, but tastefully done. The dining area is brighter than the rest of the restaurant. It felt much more upscale once in the dining area, but I did find the overall restaurant tastefully unique.   The food - A wide range of Italian dishes and seafood. We ordered the crab hozel as an appetizer. It was an average serving of lump crab meat, I had to ask for cocktail sauce. It was tasty, but cost us $18. We then ordered the veal and shrimp entree with sauteed veggies like artichokes, eggplant, peppers, etc. There were 4 smaller sized cutlets of veal and 3 shrimp. $28. There was no salad or pasta side offered. The dish was prepared properly and was OK. We just felt it needed something else.   Now the bread that was offered to our table came in a small basket and was filled with a variety of their house made breads. The pepperoni bread was AMAZING! I mean really delish. This alone I would have given 5 stars.   The service - Our server was...well....I'm not sure what he was quite frankly. Annoying?Confused? Hyper?  He appeared to have no idea what he was doing half the time. Bouncing around the table, asking the same questions over and over, forgetful, spastic, etc. At one point one of my colleagues said, "Is he on crack?" We chuckled, but seriously! He forgot to even ask us if we wanted dessert, which was too bad because we saw some amazing looking offerings in the cases as we were leaving.  Overall - If I were in the area again I would definitely stop in to get some pepperoni bread to go, as they do sell it by the loaves. However, I think I would try somewhere else to dine.
Ok a few things. First we walked in and asked for a table and was told it would be 5 mins. So after 10 mins, we were seated and there was 10 tables that were open! Why the hell was there a wait??? The older man that took us to the table could have done nicer. The bread was great and that was about it. The food was not bad but it was not good.
I wrote a letter to the Papa J's, but did not receive a reply therefore I will share my experience online.  Tonight a friend and I dined at your location. We were seated in the bar area by the sidewalk, which is what we requested because of the great weather and the happy hour specials. Our server took our order of a gingerale, fried zucchini appetizer, side salad, wedding soup , eggplant rolotini and chicken piccata ( correct spelling).  We thoroughly enjoyed the bread & wedding soup. The side salad was rather bland and unexciting, lacking flavor & texture. The Spring salad consisted of leaf lettuce, a single slice of tomato and one black olive. I would have expected some additions such as onions, peppers, cheese, cucumbers, croutons, carrots and the like.     We enjoyed the fresh air while waiting for our appetizer, but were growing concerned that it would arrive too close to the meal, so we asked the server ( bartender ) about the appetizer and he told us that he had forgot to "put it in". He offered to put it in at this point, but advised us that our meals would be out soon. We decided to just wait for our meals and forgo the appetizer which were looking forward to.      The main dishes were acceptable, not outstanding. The eggplant was very tasty and well prepared.  The Chicken Piccata was flavorful, but not as expected. The chicken seemed to have been steamed or baked. It had no signs of being coated and sautéed  to a rich golden brown. The chicken was just pale white. The sauce was a simple lemon flavor, it lacked any depth that would have resulted from the browning of the chicken. I tasted no garlic or shallots. The sauce lacked that famous tang usually supplied by capers, which were absent.  No pasta was served with the chicken. The side of vegetables were well cooked, buy again lacked any real flavor. The would have benefited from a roasting which would have produced a rich savory taste produced by extraction of the natural sugars.    Once our meals were finished  our plates were taken and we waited another 20 minutes for the check. The server seemed more concerned with what was on television rather than his customers. The total was $43 and change. I would have expected the salad and soup would have been removed from the bill for the error of not putting in our appetizer order, but no such offer was made and  I saw no manager come around and check on the customers, as is customary. I am hesitant to go back to this restaurant or  recommend it to anyone after tonights dining experience.  I hope this feedback will be beneficial to your business.
My husband and I dinned at Papa J's last evening with another couple.  We came equipped with up to $ 14.00 off coupon we had planned to use, and they planned on using their Entertainment Book coupon.  We were told, rather harshly and rudely that we could only use one coupon per table...hard and fast rule of the establishment.  But we protested, there are 2 couples here, paying on separate checks, so can't understand this rule.  Said they would take up to 3 Entertainment Book coupons per table, but not the one that drew us in from online Clipper Magazine.  What difference does it make which coupon you use???? If you allow one, why not the other!  Not building a "come back" attitude for us customers, and we don't intend to go back.  Some food was really good, while other meals were just ok, esp. in portion size.  All menu items are ala carte, so pretty pricey, so coupon discount would have been nice.  Waiter we had, though he said he had been there for 21yrs, was pretty abrasive and a little neglectful with his service.
Typical Starbucks coffee chain. 2 things I dont like about this Starbucks:   1. Ive been there twice and both times the place has been dirty, compared to the other Starbucks I have been in.  2. If you have to use the bathroom, they give you a key thats attached to this nasty bottle. Im pretty sure they dont clean that bottle after every use or even nightly.  Aside from that, good coffee and fast/friendly service.
If there was ever a "get your coffee and go" Starbucks, this is it. Right in the center of the Waterfront, this Starbucks has no sofa, comfy chairs, only table seating. I love the baristas here, But I don't like the location of the building.
This Starbucks is teeny-tiny!  Seating inside is VERY limited.  This is a Starbucks to grab and go and continue your shopping at the Waterfront.  Baristas are friendly and fast.
I'm not a huge fan of this location. I think that it was oddly built- the small, alley-like front makes it difficult to get past people on your way to/from the bathroom or tables when it's busy. And there's hardly any tables to sit at. Furthermore, people tend to clog the front on their way in, which makes things particularly difficult (especially in the winter weather). The staff were pretty impersonal to be, but maybe that was due to the high traffic of the place and the time I was there. And the coffee that I had was cold- I'm sure it was probably the bottom of the batch. I'd probably only walk in here again if someone else suggested it before or after a movie or while we were shopping in the area.
This particular Starbucks was especially pushy with offering extra espresso shots when placing my order. This has never happened before and it took me off guard.  The barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push.  I will avoid this one at the Waterfront for awhile.
This is a typical Starbucks, but in a particularly cramped building without much room to spread out an work if you desire.  It is nice that it had a bit of outdoor seating and wifi.  Over several other coffee alternatives nearby in the Waterfront, I would rate this as low.  Barnes and Noble has more comfortable seating and access to many books and other amenities.  Panera also has more seating, cheaper coffee and a plethora of menu items to go along with the coffee.  The Starbucks building style an architecture is attractive, but just too small and limited for this busy Waterfront location.
For someone who straddles the line between sometimes craft-er, this store can seem vast and confusing.  There's rows and rows of baskets and bedazzling jewels and paper and...oh my...scrap booking!  When I want to find boring old felt....it's like...where do I start?    I'm in a hurry, as always, and I rush in and the first thing I look for is an employee.  No one to be found.  I could call out and my voice would come echoing back.  I run between rows of paper, wood and gosh darn scrap booking....no felt!  Where do I find felt!  Where do I find an employee!?  FINALLY, I find one after 15 minutes of wondering around.  She's incredibly nice and leads me to the felt.  This is not the first time I've been hard up to find help.  I tell her she was hard to find, and she tells me that they're "low on payroll" and can't have any one the floor BUT HER!  In that WHOLE store, JUST HER!  That's ridic!  Not a month ago I was, again, in a slight hurry and stood in line for about 15 minutes to check out, with 2 employees at the register and 6 people per line, I gave up and walked out.    Hey Michael, do you pick up what I'm putting down?  You're not making any money because your costumer service SUCKS....in fact, there's no service to be found!
The one good thing I can say about Michael's is that they have a wide variety of hobbies and crafts included in their selection. They've got items for woodwork, painting, knitting, kids crafts, scrapbooks, you name it. The problem is, the variety of products for your particular craft is probably dismal. They've got lots of cool items all over the store that you're convinced that somehow you need. (Because it is soooo cute, and you could TOTALLY do something with it. Right..?) The store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere. However, if you're looking for something specific, good luck. It's not even a matter of the product being difficult to find in the store. It's that when you find the right section, there's either nothing in stock, or they simply don't even carry what you need.   I stopped in for crochet supplies, and the yarn selection was laughable compared to many other craft stores. I ended up going elsewhere for my stuff anyway.   Plus the prices at Michael's are significantly more than other area craft stores. I usually only stop there if I'm already at tend Waterfront. I'd recommend checking other craft stores first. Unless you need glitter. Especially fine glitter. Michael's has the best glitter selection/quality of any store I've ever been to.
Well... as Steak 'n Shake locations go, this isn't the best one around--but it is burgers and fries that are open 24-7.  The milkshakes are good!  PROS:  Always made fresh, when you order;  CONS: Greasy (but its burgers); Takes longer than typical in drive thru (but that's bc they're made fresh!); Service (on a scale of 1-10, 10 being awesome) is a 4.
In general I do like Shake N' Steak, but this location is a hit or miss location!  You never know what kind of quality or service you're going to find here.  A friend and myself went a few weeks back after a movie and it had to be one of the worst trips there EVER!  You can't entirely blame the waitress since she was the only one there for the entire place...poor scheduling on the manager's part. However, while she can't be accountable for the slooooow service, she was accountable for both orders being incorrect.  The burgers were over cooked and the fries were soggie and the milkshake was runny at best...  By far my worst visit to Steak n' Shake!
Rather typical SnS.  Had a good lunch crowd.  Milkshake was good but not as good as EnP down the street.  It took to long to get the burger for some reason, 25 minutes, I realized cooked to order but this is a little long for SnS.  Ordered the Guacamole Steakburger and it only had a small portion of Gauc...not your usual amount..kitchen was not up to speed on portion sizing for some reason.  Definitely did not look like the picture on the website.  Oh well!
This place is s l o w....like so slow I have got up and left after waiting 30 minutes and not even being acknowledged by a server. The food is okay. Def not worth the wait. Milkshakes are just okay as well. Booooooo.
I really like the chili. Burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad. Pretty hard to mess up a side salad. As others have said you never know what kind of service you will get. Store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair. The staff is usually disinterested with customers and sometimes outright rude. All in all what you pay is what you get. Cheap and crap service.
The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
This place teeters between a 2 and a 3 star review.  I've had pretty good experiences inside, it's usually the drive-thru where things fall a part.    It's the rare place I can get a Frisco Melt well, the ONLY place I can get a Frisco Melt!  and that steak burger alone is worth the risk, Walk In OR Drive Thru.  Just take a gun on Weekends, you'll be fine.
It's okay. Food is cheap but portions are small. For example I order the chicken tenders, and I got 3 little tiny tenders, and a decent amount of fries. Also the restaurant is not really clean either.  This restaurant is not my number 1 choice.
I like to eat here because the food has always been good and kids eat free on the weekends which is great. But this location is always woefully understaffed, with five or six tables sitting unbussed while people wait to be seated. Whether you're inside or at the drive through the wait is incredibly long. Fortunately the staff are always friendly despite the ridiculous staffing levels the management maintains here.
Slow service. Food is VERY cheap though. The milkshakes are huge thick and yummy. Sometimes when I go here, they completely ignore you when your the only person in line. The burgers were good and the menu is pretty small. Food takes about an hour to come when no ones even there! I would go here if the service was faster and better.
..such an upsetting experience here. My family lives an hour away and came in town for dinner and Dave & Busters. We knew D&B's food was overpriced and always a long wait so we decided on here.   We were a party of 6 adults and 1 kid. Raquan was our server and he was so nice. He took our order but sadly we waited 45 minutes for it to com.Everyone around us who just ordered 15 minutes before already had their food. I've worked at steak n shake before. it less than 10 minutes to cook both the burgers and fries. I have no idea if kitchen lost our ticket or what but i did see our server talking to them more than once about our order so atleast he was on top of it.  The manager here needs better training. He stood at the register the entire time cashing people out even though clearly the kitchen was behind and customers in the dining area were angry (saw a couple leave after waiting for server and another table talk to manager about wait time). Again i've worked at another steak n shake. The counter girl is responsible for cashing people out and take out orders.. manager should helping on the grill or over-seeing everything going on. Poor Raquan had to keep coming over to apologize whenever the manager should have. Who tf trained the boss here?  Sadly after an hour at the restaurant and 45 minutes waiting on food, we told our server we had to leave. He told us dont worry about the drinks. We tipped him and went to eat at chikfila. At least the rest of the night was fun at D&B.   shoutout to Raquan . You're the real MVP
I waited 20 minutes for charred hamburger. The bottle of seasoning on the table was a cute idea bc lord knows it didn't have any seasoning on it. The waitress kept saying that they were backed up but when I looked around there wasn't a lot of people there. However they (waitresses) were nice and apologetic. But when I think of steak sandwiches I didn't think of what I got.
Look so many better burgers. Aint no steak and no shake. Ice milk at best. Five guy burgers much better. Frosty and a daves classic much better at same price. Spend a few more and goto bgr
Another store which has gone the way of the Dodo bird. Actually there was nothing basement like about it. What will be done with the empty space that is the question?
$9.75 for a red bull and vodka? I'm sorry, I thought I was in Pittsburgh, not New York City. Sing Sing, a dueling piano bar, is fun, but it would be a hell of a lot more fun if I could have more than one watered down drink before I warbled my way through "Paradise City" with the rest of the crowd.
In my opinion, Sing Sing is really not worth it. It gets expensive because you drink, maybe start to sing a few lyrics, drink some more, think of a song you wanna hear, put $5 and title of said song on a piece of paper, you drink, they play it, everyone else is trying to get their songs played so you put $10 on your next sticky note...and so on and so forth. I wasn't really into it when I first got there but as the night went on and lager went in I started to warm up to the place. I feel that if I have to drink in order to have a good time, it's not worth it. But again, that's just me.  The 2 stars are for the piano players, who are entertaining and very talented, and the Rock Bottom brews they serve.
This place has gone significantly down hill.  I've gone to Sing Sing about once a year for the last 6 or 7 years.  When we started going there you couldn't get a seat unless you got there early.  It was always packed.  However, each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller.  Crowd is an important component of a piano bar due to the interactive nature of it all.  I was there last Saturday night (8/4/12) and there was about 20-30 people there.  Very slow and boring.  It appears the crowd is no longer allowed up on stage, taking a lot of the interactive fun out of what this place used to be.  This was likely my last time at Sing Sing.  Save your $7 and skip this place.  A real shame because this place was once a lot of fun.
I went here with a bachelorette party. We had reservations, which was good because it was packed that Saturday night. The performers were very talented, but the acoustics were strangely off.   The theme that ran through the whole show was, to quote some phrases they kept repeating, "you bitch, you slut, you whore" and  "twinkle twinkle little slut, why don't you take it up the butt" which one of the pianists wrote on the mirror at the back of the stage... You get the idea?  Perhaps if I had not been the designated driver, alcohol would have made these jokes funny the fifth, sixth, seventh time. Or maybe not.
I had a good experience with this body repair shop several years ago, so took my car back again recently.  This time was a lot different - the repair took longer than promised, and was not done as well as I expected it to be.  I guess they are no longer interested in repeat customers.
This place is overrated. A friend and I were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There's nothing wrong with this place I just don't understand the clout around it. There should be no clout.
There's lots of potential here because of the wonderful character and ambiance of this place, but the food was average at best.  We were there on a Pens Playoff night and there were 2 people working all the tables in both rooms.  Our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that.  Our orders were somewhat mixed up.  The potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing.  I tasted a slice of pizza, which is definitely the best thing they offer.  The crust was delicious and homemade.  If you are going to order something, I would go with the pizza.  We also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good, also.  If you are looking for good food, Homestead better choices at Blue Dust or Tin Front.
I've been to Duke's three times now. When I first came to PGH, a lot of locals were telling me that this was a good place to catch a game, drink some brews and get great food. Most of that is true, but the bad has mostly outweighed the good.  They have an excellent new tap system. Last time I went, they had Thirsty Dog Leghumpper on draft, and it was perfect. The system really elevates already awesome beer. Plus, the selection is awesome.   It is a sports-themed bar, so you can expect drunk locals, loud TV's and plenty of yelling. I'm sort of into that, so it doesn't bother me, although I do think their staff is not well equipped enough to work among the chaos. Service is often slow, and they give the waitresses ZERO training in the beers that they offer. This is not a good place for trying something new, as they can't tell you a thing about it.   The biggest downfall of Duke's, though, is the food. I've had three different, but equally simple, dishes there; A Burger, a Cheesesteak and Chicken Tenders. The first was flavorless and cold. The second was passable, but nothing special. And the last were absolutely awful. Honestly, the batter and size of the chicken made me so ill, I had to call it an early night. I ate two of the 7 tenders (SEVEN!) and had to quit.  Their fries are very good. And so are the wings.  I'd say Duke's is a good place to drink, but that's about it.
2 strikes. Enjoy the fact that there are other options in the area like Dukes but our last couple visits have been very disappointing.   Hate to do it but I need to leave a review in hopes the manager can get things right. One of the main issues is that the kitchen is overcooking the hell out of the food I've ordered the past 2 visits.   I can deal with a long wait which is understandable when there is a game on but having to wait for something that comes out missing something and overcooked can be frustrating especially given the cost.   Last visit was a burger. I gave up and refused the offer for another. Bartenders were super cool about it and even offered me free drink tokens which I decided to redeem today.   I felt bad just ordering free beer so I ordered a sandwich. It was the roast beef and turkey club which was described specifically on the menu as medium rare which sounded pretty good to me. The roast beef was beyond that. I would say extra well done. Obviously one of the chefs is struggling but I'm not totally sure that the beef was cooked in house. I'm not a chef but know when to pull a roast beef out of the cooker to achieve the proper temp. Anyway I decided not to say anything since the sandwich was still pretty edible and because of my girlfriend being embarrassed of me complaining.   Decent beer selection. Waitress was very pleasant and attentive. Bar staff not so much this visit. We were ignored until I grabbed a table in the back. Neither of us weren't very happy about this. Possibly a no standing policy since there was only one empty chair at the bar? At least say something/acknowledge the customer that has been standing clearly in your view for 10 min obviously waiting for a drink.
D&B is nice once in a while but the food is insanely unhealthy. They are also really clever about designing the psychological context in ways to extract money from their customers. You feel a bit milked afterwards. Also much fatter.  You pay for games using credits from mag-stripe cards. This lets D&B give their games arbitrary prices and makes it harder for you to really know how much you are spending. Menus for drinks and food have no prices. $6.05 for a Banana Split cocktail? $3.40 for a Michelob?  I have no idea whether that is expensive but not showing the prices is clever because they can price their things and not have to obey pricing psychology (like anchors and so forth).  Waitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order desserts. Oh, and the dining room has plastic demos dessert trays to get that thought going in your mind as you walk to your table.  The games are all violent shooters or racing games don't appear to have changed much since 2002 when I last went to D&B in California. Hope they can find more innovative arcade games in the future.  Not a pleasant experience, but at least it's different from going to an ordinary restaurant.
Think Chuck E. Cheese for adults.  Skee Ball, video games pool tables.  Clean environment.  Good fun.  Unfortunately, I went for a bite to eat and it was impossible to find anything good and healthy on the menu.  I ended up settling for spinach dip.  Sadly, they topped the dip off with horrible orange shredded cheese that appeared to have been popped in the microwave for a few seconds.  Blahhhh.  Trying to get something healthy, I ordered the apple pecan salad.  I swear the dressing came right out of the grocery store bottle.  I could barely eat the salad.  Too sweet.  My mom ordered a steak roll.....holy friedness!  The steak was more like hamburger fried with cheese and then stuffed into breading that was fried AGAIN!  Yowzer!  Artery clogger for sure.    I like the atmosphere.  I like the bar area.  Perhaps next time we'll just stop by for drinks instead.
Dave and Buster's is an enigma, is it dining, a bar, or  playground for video game lovers? Let me get the bar part out of the way first, it's overpriced, and they try to get you to buy a glass to jack up your bill.   Next, the food. Just like all the chain places at the Waterfront, there are sandwiches, burgers (yes they have a blue cheese burger, who doesn't?) pasta, salads, chicken fingers, yadda yadda.   The games, I swear over three quarters of the games have been there since 2000 when the place opened. I guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene.  Overall Dave and buster's is unique to the Waterfront, but it's time to update the menu, update the games, and get into the second decade of the 21st century.
Not much of a review for this one, but just a few tidbits of info...  Pool (on Friday/Saturday) is $14 per hour (I'm pretty sure its $10 through the week)  Mixed drinks are way too pricey for the location. The food is crap.  The games are fun and the pool tables are nice (they're the big tournament style/size, not the shitty bar-room, tiny pool tables).  That is all.  :)  (the pricing is based on my recent trip. We shot pool for a few hours, I had a bar tab (that wasn't out of control) and my night ended up costing me $60
When did Dave and Buster's become a daycare?? Everywhere you look, there are signs that say kids must be accompanied by an adult, but apparently no one was honoring that at 6PM on a Saturday. I couldn't even walk through the place without someone shoving me. AHHH! I get that Dave and Buster's is an arcade and that you're going there to play some games, maybe eat, and kill some time. When I last went there a few years ago, we there for my bachelor party, and while I'm sure we got into some shenanigans, I don't remember children running wild there. We were having adult beverages, playing games, and having a good time. This time, it was ridiculous. It isn't Chuck E. Cheese, yet that's how parents seem to be treating the place. On top of that, the customer service sucked. The place is gigantic, with tables and serving areas everywhere, yet on a Saturday at 6PM, the hostess told us (after interrupting us three times to chat with the other hostess) told us it would be a three hour wait, despite the fact that there were empty tables all over the dining room. I suspect this is a ploy to get you to play games and spend money until you're table is ready, but the food at Dave and Buster's is not worth a three hour wait on any day. The hostess told us we could be served right away if we went to the midway and found an empty table, so we attempted that. Most of those tables were empty with usually one or two adults at a giant empty table filled with coats who informed us that they needed the table because their kids would be back soon after playing games. Next, i engaged in the most rudest thing I've ever done- I began stalking tables where people were finishing up. I would walk up to people paying their check, ask if I could have their table when they were done, and they would inform me that there were already two or three people who asked them and I should get in line. Finally, we found a table and proceeded to spend two hours eating dinner. It wasn't because we ordered a lot of food- it was that the waiter took forever to bring our food out. He seemed to have no problem getting us fresh drinks, until we drank as much as we could and then asked for water. After that, he seemed to come around a lot less.  I had the build your own chicken tacos, which comes on a giant plate with all kinds of fixings. The fixings were fresh, but the chicken was cold and dry, and the tortillas were dried out as well. For $14, it wasn't worth it.  After dinner we proceeded to play games, which entails shoving people to get through areas and waiting in line to play anything.  All in all, I didn't like my experience at Dave and Busters. I remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between all the kids and the crappy service, can't recommend this place. If anyone asks me to go back, I may elect to stay home and poke my eyes with a fork.
Not being from the area, I traveled an hour to come here from Uniontown, PA. I was excited! I haven't been to this Dave and Buster's since I was younger and was ready to go back and play me some games! I went with my cousins, mind you, we hadn't ate all day and were very hungry. So, we decided to do the Eat & Play Combo, naturally. Here's where it gets bad. First of all, we get a very snobby hostess that shows us to our table. Then, we wait...and wait...and finally after about 25 mins we get a waitress. Her name was Ashley. We had plenty of time to decide what we wanted, so we quickly put our order in. Next, we were sitting and talking, waiting, we had empty glasses and our waitress had never even come around to see if we needed refills except for one time. She said she'd come back right away with our refills...yea, right. 20 mins later we get our refills. Mind you, our food still hasn't came yet. I see other people getting their food that had come in after us. I was frustrated. After waiting 45 mins for our food, I asked to speak with a manager. One of the servers who I asked replied rudely with "Well, he's really busy right now. I doubt he'll be able to come out and talk to you". Finally, 15 mins later...that's one hour, folks. We get our food. What do you think the next problem was? Yep, the food was cold. I was completely fed up at this point, and told my waitress how disappointed I was, especially after driving one hour just to have this terrible service. The manager never came to speak with me, and we didn't even receive our meals for free. The only compensation we got were $10 game cards. Woopty-doo. The only thing good about this place is the games, but the prizes you get for your tickets are all junk and worthless. So, in conclusion...I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE WATERFRONT DAVE AND BUSTERS OF HOMESTEAD, PA. It was horrible, and I will not be returning for a very long time!
My boyfriend and I are in our 20s, and have visited this D&B multiple times. After our visit yesterday, however, I don't think we'll be back. When we arrived we were greeted by a long line of people waiting to buy game cards. At first there were 2 extremely slow workers trying to do this, then one left while the line was still out the door! The girl that was left was more than incompetent, and was taking extremely long to fill these game cards. We stood in line for over 20 minutes before being told that there was another attendant in the actual game room. Needless to say, the line in the game room was just as long, and they still only had one girl in the booth. It was a Saturday! After we finally got our cards we had to wait yet again to get a beer. 2 bartenders on staff while the bar was completely full. It took us almost an hour before we actually could start gaming. The floors were filthy with trash, and the bathrooms: repulsive! I had to use the restrooms twice during our visit, and not only did both bathrooms I used have no toilet paper in them, but there was TP all over the floors, and the sinks were less than cleanly. My boyfriend mentioned that the guys restroom was no better, as it smelled like pee and the paper towel dispenser didn't work. All I have to say is get your crap together. We could see a difference in the type of crowed that was there on Saturday compared to what it used to be, and I'm I have no doubt it's due to the poor service and attention to cleanliness. For how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends. It's a shame how quickly this place has gone down hill and we will NOT be returning anytime soon!
Ok! Let me tell you about my bad experience first. I went to D&B last night for a post wedding party - which, side note, is a great idea!  It was around midnight and the bar wasn't really populated. There were three bartenders and only one was actually making rounds to see if anyone needed anything. The two other bartenders were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one was sitting at. Kind of counter productive if you ask me.   I stood there for about 5 minutes, which for a busy bar is fine but when I am the only one with my card out then, it just seems a little ridiculous. I made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her a smile and she literally turned away. I finally had to walk to them to get their attention.  I was standing right in front of them smiling and they didn't ask if i need anything. I finally said, "Are you working?" and they gave each other a weird look. I felt like i was the crazy one. I asked for a beer/got the beer.  In between that time, the other bartender brought food over and set it down. She took a fry from the plate (right in front of me) and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar. What the hell! I felt like i was in some grimy bar in out in the sticks - not an established D&B.   I was just really turned off from that experience.   The good is that D&B provides a different type of entertainment when you want to mix things up. I remember going here with my grandparents when I was a kid and it was the best treat ever! We would eat at the restaurant and then spend hours playing games. This place holds some really good memories for me.   It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it.
I used to love D&B when it first opened in the Waterfront, but it has gone down hill over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now, it is run down and many of the games are app related games (Fruit Ninja) and 3D Experience rides. With such "games", you can't even earn tickets and they take a lot of tokens! Last time I went, back in the winter, many of the games were broken, which made for a negative player experience. I would go to D&B to play some games again in the future, but it is no longer one of my favorite places to go due to the decline of fun games where you can earn tickets.
I recently stopped there with my girlfriend and her kids to celebrate her daughters 21's birthday. I ordered the fish and chips. Don't order the fish and chips unless you want to lube your insides for months. I know I probably got the one that got away and they refried it 3 times. The outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste. The fish itself was bland. After a few bites I called over the waiter who was very nice and funny and complained by showing him how hard the fish was by tapping the fish against the plate making a loud thud noise. He grabbed my plate and took it to his manager. But before doing so asked if I wanted something else I said no I had lost my appetite. The manager came out looked around and walked right out of the area. I was thinking he would have stopped but didn't oh well. The waiter took my meal it off the bill. I have eaten there before and the food was good. Sometime you just get one that isn't.
My sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kids could play games after we all had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. All of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though, everything was below average. They have a huge selection of games for the kids to play, but you pay dearly to play games here. The food is  overpriced and the drinks are drastically overpriced.
4 Stars for the fun factory, games, and all around experience, but 2 stars for the disgusting food and horrible service!  I was SO excited to come here for my boyfriends birthday. Its always fun to play games, win tickets, and have fun with friends/family. We decided to eat here before we played. I keep seeing commercials for their new menu, so hey it couldn't be bad right? Wrong! Only thing that was really good was the Corona-rita - but that's hard to mess up.   First off, service was horrible. I didn't feel like any of the areas were that packed to make the service so slow, but apparently I was wrong. It took about 15 minutes, minimum, to get our first drinks. At least an hour for our food. I have boneless buffalo wings, which are hard to screw up, so mine weren't bad but they weren't the best. My boyfriend had their Philly Cheesesteak and he couldn't finish it. Was SO salty and just not good. For the price of everything, it was not worth it all. Better off going somewhere else in the Waterfront for food and then coming here to play. You'll save $$, time, and frustration!   I guess they are also remodeling their price area so for now there is a make-shift area to cash in your tickets. Everything was pretty picked over, which kinda sucked. Overall it was still fun, and I am sure I will be back to play some more games!
Can we get a maintenance man?  And a janitor?  And a manager?   No?  Ok...  I had a good time at Dave and Buster's, but that was based mainly on the company I kept and not the venue.   We went right when they opened for the day, with the intention of playing some pool.  We located the pool tables in an area that looked closed off, so we went to the hostess stand to ask.  She radioed for help, got none, and finally went in search of an answer our question.  When she came back, she said she couldn't find anyone, but a manager would be out to talk to us.   We wait...and wait...and finally just give up and go off to play in the arcade area.     All but one of the card purchase machines were rebooting, and the one we could use didn't work.  It takes forever and finally gives up and directs us to a non-existent ticketing attendant.  So we again go off in search of someone to help.  We flagged down a server, who issued us a card ($56 for 375 tokens) and served us a few cocktails (average prices, though my rum and coke was teeny).     And we are off to play some games.  About every third game we tried was broken in some way.  Either the token swipe didn't work or the game itself was messed up.   It also wasn't the cleanest place I've ever seen.  They have tables around the place to set your drinks on, but most of them didn't look as though they'd been wiped from the day before (which of course makes we wonder when they last cleaned all the games that germy little kids touch all day).  Overall, they appeared completely unprepared for opening (computers booting, employees not ready to work, soda gun at the bar not assembled, etc.) and not well maintained or managed at all.  The broken games were sort of comical after a while, but definitely not in a good way.  If you are really looking to do this type of activity, I'd try a different location for sure.
Over priced, over hyped but a hell of a time regardless.  I think if you have a big screen tv at home and a wii you could order pizza get beer and have friends over and have the same experience without the price and glitz.  I've yet to eat something here that impressed me.  The arcade is a bit dated but I like playing the big trivia game more than anything (again, you could just invite people over to play trivial pursuit).  The new TV set up is pretty cool, but Dave and Busters is just what it is, an adult Chuckie Cheese not worth more than a visit a year, if that.
I ate here for lunch today with my wife and 2 kids. Server was prompt getting to the table, took our order and then disappeared. Our food took 25 minutes yet there was only 4 table with people who were dining. Grilled cheese, salad and a quesadilla shouldn't take that long. Games were fine. Mens room didn't have any paper towels to dry hands with. Huge fail for this type of venue.
I have been to Dave and Busters multiple times and i feel its a 2 star place.  I can say the food quality is sub par.  In my opinion the food prices are expensive for what it is and quality.  They do offer a nice bar,but then again the prices in my opinion are a little higher.  Service isn't too bad, but could be better.  D&B is a great place for adults for sure, but the prices for tokes or "game play" is a little ridiculous.  Some games charge 6.9 credits to place.  Thats almost saying $1.50 a game and some of those games are addicting where I know most of us keep playing.    I also thing D&B isn't the cleanest place either.  The bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion.  Doesn't seem like they keep up with it.  To me, thats a big factor in rating restaurants.     All in all, D&B is an ok place to visit, but not a place i would frequently waste my money.
The food here is awful.  I came with a small group of people for dinner one night before heading out bar hopping at a few places at the Waterfront.  We gave the server the benefit of the doubt because there were about 8 of us, which can be challenging.  I think the long wait time to get the drinks and then the food was due to the bartender and kitchen, but the waitress really tried her best.  I only gave it 2 stars because I liked my mac and cheese.  Everyone else at the table hated their food.  They all had sandwiches or other dishes.  The one girl resorted to eating only the toppings off her sandwich because the bread was too hard to bite through.  The kitchen probably made her sandwich right away and left it under the heating lamps for 40 minutes while preparing the rest of our table's food.  I was tempted to stop and play games for a couple minutes, but after my husband came out of the restroom he told me how about 5 other guys walked out of the restroom as well that had not washed their hands and immediately went over to start playing games.  All I have to say is no thanks.
The food was good but we Waited an hour for our drinks then 1.5 hours food then an hour for our bill. Won't be back! Not busy at all so not sure what the problem was. I'd hate to be there when they are "busy".
worst service wver i asked for someone to come over 3 times and we sat at a table for 20 minutes while a whole swarm of servers were just walking around passing us. not to mention alllll the tables in the whole game room were dirty. even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us. drinks took forever too and it wasnt busy at all the bartenders didn't care much they stood there for awhile. we will still go here just not try to eat. they need some structure in the work atmosphere.
The service was terrible. Games are games at any Dave & busters but service makes or breaks this place. I understand it was busy tonight because of the fight, but that's no excuse for rude employees... Especially multiple employees, hostesses, waitresses, and bus boys. The manager on the other hand was great and gave us a very reasonable explanation for a server being very rude. Either way, on a Saturday night, I wouldn't recommend going here.
Went here with friends on a Saturday afternoon...the dining area was not busy at all...though you'd have thought by the service it was packed full....it took forever for our drinks to come out (which are WAY overpriced)...the food is very sub par for the price, would've been better off eating before we went to play..my entree came out, plate hot, food completely cold. I've never sent back food, EVER, but this was ridiculous. The server takes my plate, and says they would make it right. I did NOT receive a fresh entree, it was put in the microwave and sent back to me. How do I know? The bread and meat in the sandwich was still torn apart, which I did while checking my food the first time to see if it was warm inside. They did however take it off my check, but never giving me a menu or asking me if I'd like to order something else, so my friends at the table gave me leftover ribs and fries off their plates. By the time the server came back so I COULD ask for something else, the table was already done eating, so I just sucked it up and when went on our way to play the arcade.  I highly recommend eating somewhere GOOD, and then just go to D&B to play.  *waitress sucked  *overpriced food and drinks *very average food quality, though lots of menu choices *arcade was fun! *nice location, easy to get to
SUMMARY: If I was in the area and no one had a better suggestion for where to go, I might come back for beer and appetizers.  GOOD: - Decent beer... - Original pretzel appetizer.  You take chunks of soft pretzel and dunk it in spinach cheese dip. - Huge portions.  Most of us had leftovers.  The RB Appetizer Sampler was multi-story and way more food that we could handle.  The half order of ribs looked like a full rack. - Attentive service with quick seating and frequent drink/water refills. - Amusing name.  BAD: - Lots of food choices... burgers... steak... chicken... salads.  Lots of drink choices... beers... wines... mixed drinks.  I guess this could be seen as good, but it takes a while for everyone to pick something and since no one's awesome at everything, you could tell right away that nothing distinguishes this place. - None of the food was super awesome.  Nothing was awful, but nothing stood out in any way.  I've had better beer, appetizers, and a better main course at plenty of breweries. - Kind of dead on a Monday night with 3/4 of the place empty.  Come if you want bar food, but keep your expectations low.
Microbrewed beers are only a plus to me when they're better than the beer I would have drank otherwise.  One waitress I had while there tried to split the uprights between macrobrew and trendy by describing one of their beers as "kind of like Coors Light".  If I wanted Coors, I'll pay half as much and have one.    The food is actually a saving grace, as it was pretty good.  Head next door to Sing Sing for drinks, though.
Lately, the Rock Bottom is hit or miss. The beers are always good and the Uppity Jagoff IPA is one of the best India Pale Ales I've ever tasted. The low point lately has been the food. I will never forgive the idiot in management who took the chicken quesadilla off the menu. That said, I ordered the lobster roll and when it arrived, the bread was as hard as a brick and cold. The filling was okay, but the lobster flavor was masked by over spicing. I suggest you eat somewhere else and imbibe at the Rock Bottom.
I always feel like I am constantly bashing breweries for their food, but in my opinion, I feel the bar is raised for places like this. It seems there are so many breweries out there that offer great beer, and slack off on the food. Unfortunately Rock Bottom is one that falls into that category. Let's be honest, when you go to a brewery, you want the full experience. If it was only about the beer, I'd go buy a growler and take it home.   So, about the beer....EXCELLENT!!!!! The Jagoff IPA is with out a doubt one of the best IPAs I have ever had! They only I can think of that I think is better is Dogfish Head, but that's a matter of opinion. The beer selection is constantly changing, and they always have some excellent seasonal beers. You can't go wrong, there's bound to be a beer everyone will like.   As for the food.......it's pretty much a crap shoot. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's terrible. My biggest problem is there is absolutely no consistency when it comes to the food. One time it's perfect, then maybe it's cold, or it's burned, or it tastes completely different from the last time you had it. Unfortunately, it seems there is zero attention to food quality.   That's pretty much it. This place fixes it's food consistency, and it's a five star place. Till then, it's hit or miss!
I must admit, I do like the brews.  I also like the white cheddar mash potatoes.  Other than that, meh.  The food is pretty forgettable.  Another "brewery" that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department.  With the restaurants upping the ante on 8th Ave, you may want to kick it up a notch Rock Bottom.  But how would anyone know to?  It's a chain.  Whomp whomp!
I went to Rock Bottom this past weekend, and it was "nice" to see that nothing has changed in the year or two since my last visit. While the beer is pretty good, it has never outweighed the fact that the service isn't good and the food is average, at best.  It was even difficult to get beers at the bar...we tried to have the girls order, thinking they'd have better luck...when that failed, the men tried...that didn't work either. If we hadn't REALLY wanted a cold beer after a comedy show at The Improv, we would've just left. It definitely wasn't busy enough to be noticed and ignored by the bartender, so I can't overlook it. Of course, the service has always been spotty at Rock Bottom, so it was hardly surprising.  Combine the weak food and poor service with Rock Bottom being too far from home for a night out just to drink, and you get the exact formula that's kept me from going there in the past...and will keep me from going often in the future.
Slow service Below average food  Ill pass
Rock Bottom is a chain brew pub one that, in my opinion, is just "OK".  The restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table. They have many of their own brews that you can sample but to tell you the truth none of them are that good. I have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable.   Their food is pretty much like their beers, forgettable. I have had one of their burgers and their pizza and they really weren't anything to write home about.  I feel they will impress those who have never been to a brew pub but I would probably describe them as the Chili's of Brew Pubs. If you are in homestead and are looking for a burger and a beer it might be a good choice for a bite, or at least until the Burgatory opens!
Went here last night to meet folks for a friend's birthday party. Docking one star due to a few unfortunate things that happened, otherwise I'd be fine giving this place a 3.  Our waiter was very attentive and kept our water and soda cups refilled, the food was decent overall - I had a plain ol' burger and a delicious berry sangria - and the place overall had a nice vibe to it and was pretty comfortable and fun to be in...you'd think this would just be another average place not-great-but-not-bad and I'd be ready to go on to the next review right there.  Here's where I ran into problems. I'd checked the website in advance to try and plan my meal since I do my best to pick items on menus that aren't, say, 2,000 calories in one sitting. Their website advertises that they make skinny drinks; when I asked my waiter he said it was possible but that they did not normally do this and that it's a hassle for the people at the bar, so he didn't recommend it. Then why tell us on your website that you'll do it???   Additionally, while we had checked in advance when we made our reservation about bringing a birthday cake and the restaurant's ability to handle us lighting candles, apparently there was a break down in communication; we never got the candles we had asked for, and in fact the poor waiter struggled to even find a lighter before realizing there were no candles available. Obviously whatever error occurred wasn't the waiter's fault, and we definitely thanked him and tipped him well for doing the best that he could with what he had.   On a final note, this is also one of those places where if you ask for a medium rare burger, they will overcook it; I've started ordering medium rare on purpose specifically so that I get a medium cooked burger instead of medium well or well done.  Final verdict: go for the brews if you must, and the food's nice enough. I was admittedly left a little underwhelmed.
So after an evening of enjoying a comedy show at the Waterfront, we headed to Rock Bottom for some late night grub.  The place was pretty busy, we had to walk around the bar area for several minutes until a nice couple told us they were about to leave and we could have their bar table.  As nice as this was of them it was awkward standing over them as they finished their drinks paid their bill and left.    So finally seated I look over the drinks and being the huge IPA lover that I am I went with that and it was indeed a good choice.  The hubby had the Red Ale which was also rather good.  The service was OK, not the best not the worst.  But moving on to more important thing, the food.  Talk about missing the mark hugely!  I ordered the mini street fish tacos.  You get four mini tacos with a marinated in lime piece of fish, and tomatillo salsa.  They were just strokes away from inedible.  I love fish tacos, I mean it is such a simple concept so why do people have such a hard time executing this dish? The shells were hard and literally split at the bottom when I picked them up.  The sour cream sprayed all over the plate only made them messy and the poor fish was just so overcooked.  If I wasn't so hungry I wouldn't have eaten them at all! Lesson learn on that.  The husband had the BBQ Chicken Pizza.  It had beans and corn with roasted red pepper on it along with some sour cream.  My husband is usually the type that will order these lovely specialty pizza's and ask for them to remove all the wonderful unique toppings!  For instance, he would usually just say, Chicken BBQ and cheese, nothing else!  I refused to let him do that this time, because I was really intrigued in the combination of ingredients on this pie.  And boy was I jealous when it came out.  It blew my crappy tacos out of the water!  Should have stuck with something simple.    Furthermore I could care less if I come back to this location.  The beers were good but hell you can get a decent IPA just about anywhere anymore.  And the underwhelming food sealed the deal.  I know this is a chain, but it still doesn't have to stink...
The food is standard American fare--a bit overpriced in my mind--and the beers range from mediocre to very bad.  The Kölsch is the only decent beer of the bunch.  The service is good, but the wait for food or a table can be quite long (generally 20-30 minutes even for just beer and apps).  I've been to the one at the Denver airport as well, but I was stranded and had free meal tickets, so okay-but-nothing-special pizza from Rock Bottom it was.  Since it's a recognizable national chain, I think of places like this as more of a tourist brewery rather than a true Pittsburgh craft-brew experience.
The beer is good but the food is nothing to brag about at ALL. I've tried many things on the menu, and if you have developed a "foodie" palate, don't even bother, because you will be very disappointed. If you feel comfortable with chain restaurants and their lack of innovative touch (which, nothing wrong with that!) you will most likely enjoy Rockbottom. The only entree I did enjoy were the lobster and shrimp enchiladas (minus the repulsive beans and rice) and the asiago crab dip as an appetizer. Otherwise, you are better off skipping it.
For this occasion I was with my girls, we were looking for a place to have a good lunch.  We looked around and chose Rock Bottom, we have eaten then before and enjoyed ourselves.  The server was a very nice person and was very attentive.  She when over the specials and took our drink order.   Going through the menu one thing that caught my eye was the BBQ Brisket Stuffed Burger.  That just sounded so good.  Unfortunately the reality didn't match the idea of the burger.  The favor of the BBQ never came through and the smoked Gouda flavor was none existent. It was like having a standard old boring burger.  I was very disappointed.  For $14, I would have expected a lot more flavor.  I would not recommend this burger unless they do something to bunch up the flavor.
Overpriced. Food is OK, but way overpriced. Quantities are small....much smaller than the picture in the menu. The beer is average. But yes, you guessed it, that's overpriced too.
Was hoping for a great end of a day experience, but...... Things happen. Waitress seemed to have forgotten about us, entrees came out prior to our appetizers. Entree of fish &chips was a major disappointment, fish was soggy and the chips were cold and grainy.starters were comp'ed but I doubt we'd go back. Sad because it has the potential to be a home run hitter. Two stars and that's it.
Rock Bottom: A Cautionary Yelper's Tale.  You might say, "I've never heard of Rock Bottom, there's no way that they are a chain restaurant." Beer? Apps? Bros? Sounds like a good time, but be careful or you'll end up on the rock bottom.  After a 30 minute wait staring at half of an empty restaurant with the usual goofy decor you would find at a Buffalo Wild Wings, we were finally seated. We could feel the tension from other diners that something wasn't right. The manger was running around apologetically and the food was casually sunbathing under the heat lamps. We immediately ordered a few apps but just like GOT, and now our watch begins.  We waited and waited to finally receive the saddest, tiniest plates of food with bloated chain restaurant prices. The food was uninspired, tired, and ordinary. The only reason why I am giving them 2 stars is because of the extremely gracious and apologetic wait staff who took off 20% of our meal due to the terrible service.   So if you have decided to take a seat at Rock Bottom, take comfort in knowing that even the staff seems to know your pain.
While this is certainly not my first meal at Rock Bottom, this is my first meal in a year or two . The wait was minuscule, and the greeter was pleasant. As always it is a haircut weekend so the twin carnivores, the mother in law and I decided to tie the feed bag on at RB. Our server Matt was easy to work with and informative.   I started off with the tortilla soup. Spicy and thick it went down easy enough. However let me say that the price at $3.50 was rather steep for the serving size. Did somebody say OUCH!! Thing one and thing two each had the 'small fry steaks'  with fruit (cantaloupe, melons, and grapes) and steamed broccoli and at $6.75 each, I think I was 'buffaloed' IF  you get my drift. The steak consisted of three small thinly sliced pieces of .... Hmmm.   They say that kids say the darnedest things well thing one noticed that his steak was very very gristly, and thing two noticed that his was rather dry. Not the best dinner they have eaten. They say you get what you pay for OR NOT!!    My meal consisted of the Chicken Bacon Mac & Cheese  and at $14.75 I had no complaints. It was filing hot and load with chicken and bacon. How can anything be wrong with that much BACON!!!   The final dinner consisted of chicken fried chicken and at $13.95 my mother in law was sated. Over all this meal was a wash. If anyone from Rock Bottom corporate reads this... You may seriously want to rethink you portion sizes.   As you know I vote with my feet and dollars, and neither will be there again ANY time soon!!
This is another one of my favorite places that had deteriorated dramatically. Corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck. The menu has gone from something for everyone to a couple of overpriced entrees and a bunch of small plates that are ok but not great. The service has also suffered tremendously. We are abandoning this restaurant.  I don't expect this Rock Bottom to be around too much longer.  In the past, on nights when the Pirates were playing out of town, the bar and the restaurant would be packed.  Last night, it was only slightly busy.  You can usually tell when an eatery is suffering by the amount of staff on a given night and the conditions of the bathroom.  The staff was overwhelmed and the bathrooms were filthy and in serious need of repairs.  Alas, I don't think that Rock Bottom will still be in business in six months.  Hopefully, if that happens, Black Rock Bar & Steak House will find its way into Pittsburgh.
Stopped in for dinner an bellied up to the bar. The bar tender was quick to get me a beer (the 3 Pepper Ale which was really good) but after that I was totally ignored. Tried to get the attention of the two bartenders for about a half hour while nursing my beer. They seemed to be more interested in changing dollars for quarters and washing glasses. I got feed up, finished my beer, paid my tab and went to Uno's. Glad I did... Got great service and my meal came quickly.  Verdict:  sit at the bar for a beer if that's what you want but if you're hungry and want dinner take your chances at a table.
Service is good, staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Beer and cocktails are good as well. Food...not so much.  My boyfriend and I shared the Jalapeno Pretzel appetizer which was pretty good, but our entrees.... disappointing.  I got the Baja chicken sandwich and he got the bison burger.   both were super dry. i could not even finish half of mine. He had to drench his in ketchup to be able to get the bison burger down. If i were to go back, it certainly would not be to eat.
Meh is the only thing I leave here feeling.  I ordered the classic burger because nothing on the new menu excited me.  For a side,  I requested the seasonal veggies (trying to be healthier) and was told it's a squash mixture - great I love summer squash!    I received a poorly seasoned burger. The bun had the most flavor which is a sad statement.  It was topped with an olive and a mini pickle... odd.  My "squash" side was lacking squash. Instead all squash was replaced by peppers... which I cannot eat.  Our server was nice.  The beer was simple.  With new breweries and restaurants popping up in and around Homestead, perhaps RB should reconsider their flavors.
Overpriced. Food is OK, but way overpriced. Quantities are small....much smaller than the picture in the menu. The beer is average. Butbyes
I'm very disappointed to say this place has gone down hill. While my boyfriend and I use to really enjoy coming here, the food has gotten considerably worse. They've taken many things off the menu we use to enjoy, such as the pretzel sticks with beer cheese, and replaced them with frozen ballpark pretzels and nacho cheese. Tonight I ordered a steak salad, of which the steak was good, but there was nothing on the salad that was listed on the menu. Not to mention the whole place smells smells like dirty mop water. The beer is still very good, that's why still gave them 2 stars.
We waited for almost an hour, while groups smaller and larger, who had arrived both before and after us, streamed in and out. When we checked on our table status, they only replied "You have 19 minutes" to wait. I guess it didn't matter that I could see tons of open tables if they have some sort of seating timer. Once we were seated, our waiter was quick but that's just about the extent of anything nice I have to say. The other folks in our party mentioned that the burgers were pretty good; however, my Cuban Cristo was a mess. It had too much batter and was fried too long, resulting in a greasy, brick of a sandwich. And, for a brewery, I was extremely disappointed by the small size of their beer list. Overall, it was a mediocre experience with forgettable food. I won't be going back.
The experience was different the second time around. We asked for a booth and got one right away. When we sat down, the waitress came fast and serve our drinks and appetizers fast. The food was great until the steak and shrimp came with the broccoli. It was not good, the broccoli was burnt bad and I ask medium well and they sent it bloody. My boyfriend's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back. They sent the burnt broccoli back and I got a great salad, the steak had to go all the way to well done, but I believe the grill is not being clean properly cause the steak tasted burnt and charred. So the manager came over and ask my boyfriend if he wanted something else, he didn't and he asked me how he could make it better, I asked that next time could we have are food done properly cooked. He apologized and actually looked out with discounting the meal and gave us fresh spinach dip, which I enjoyed. I will not return but the customer service was awesome and I won't say don't go, but know what to order and what to watch out for when ordering!
Very disappointed with this place. A lot of people standing around, table and menus sticky, the food was FUCKED!! Sent my pathetic Bruschetta chicken back because it was the size of a chicken nugget with one giant stem of broccoli.  Do not come here to eat.  2 stars because the beer was good.
Although the proximity to my house adds convenience as a factor in going to Rock Bottom, the food is less than desirable.   The beer there is great, it's a fairly clean establishment with a good wait staff, but the food IS AWFUL. I ordered the quesadilla appetizer, and for $10.59 I got 4 mini tortillas, not toasted at all, with some melted cheese and chicken. No salsa, no lettuce, guac, sour cream.  NOTHING.   Then I was hoping the pizza I ordered would sort of redeem our experience, I got their "hot" style pizza since I like spicy food. The small pizza probably had 8 jalapeños worth of peppers, and then some sauce and cheese. It was so underwhelming. I wish the food could match the quality of their beer. Real bummer.
The place does what it does best - Comedy.  The food, however.  Blah.  First off, If you go to a show, please note there is a two item per person minimum.  This means that from their extensive menu of overpriced bar food and drinks, you are REQUIRED to choose two items each.      Second, the sodas are NOT FREE REFILLS!  I learned that one the hard way.  Get water.   Third, before tipping your server, please make sure she hasn't already taken her cut out.  Even after paying for two very bland, overpriced meals and way too many Diet Cokes, I thought that my bill was rather high.  Upon further inspection, I noticed that my server had taken an 18% gratuity.  The menu explicitly says that an automatic gratuity will be taken out for parties of six or more, but there was only two of us and we weren't even drunk.  I found this tactic awfully presumptuous and left her tip at the 18% even though I typically tip well over 20%.      Overall, I don't like the idea of being required to purchase food just to see a comedy show.  I can see why they do it, but if I were required to buy a crappy popcorn and overpriced pop every time I went to the movies, I would be far less inclined to go as I am not inclined to go to the Improv again.
The Pittsburgh Improv is unfortunately another great idea hamstrung by the details of mediocre execution (some specific examples at the end).  The setup is nice, a delightful--if a bit sterile--reproduction of what you'd think a comedy club should like if you watch enough TV.  The interior is clean; the seats are comfortable; and it's an OK atmosphere to see a show and laugh.  It's too small, however, to attract many of the best acts, which limits its ability to ever become the central hub for Pittsburgh comedy.  Most of the big names that have recently come through Pittsburgh--Jim Gaffigan, Louis CK, Second City--all perform elsewhere (though they managed to get Bob Saget, to their credit).  But the biggest problem is the food and drink.  They're very up front about their mandatory two item minimum, but the forced service requires that you spend extra money and get interrupted by waitstaff at least several times during the show.  The prices are well above what I'd consider reasonable given the quality, and I'd begrudgingly--or even happily--just shrug off the cost the same way I would a stadium concession stand markup...but the food is bad.  You're forced to either (a) buy extremely overpriced drinks (3.50 for a soda, for example, with no refills--or ten dollars for one with refills), or (b) buy moderately overpriced food which you wouldn't want in the first place.  I thought the ten dollar chicken sandwich looked reasonable, until a few bites in I decided I'd rather just throw away the money than keep eating it.  Still, I think this place has a lot of potential; the core idea is very workable; and they do attract some really good comedians.  Two stars for now, with high hopes for improvements.  A few specific drawbacks which could be VERY easily fixed: 1 - A lot of the drinks didn't have prices on them.  I know this isn't uncommon, but at a venue where every question you ask interrupts not only your own show-viewing experience as well as the experiences of your neighbors, it's an incredibly poor decision here.  Make everything on the menu exceptionally clear.  It's not that hard. 2 - Put the drink prices on the website too.  An Improv representative has personally responded to many of these Yelp reviews, and she once said "Our menus and pricing are listed on our website, which makes for easy planning!"  I'm calling shenanigans.  Not all the prices are on the website, which makes for difficult planning. 3 - Reminding me to tip my server during the show AND adding an automatic gratuity to the check makes me feel like you're trying to trick me.  It's kind of an unprofessional way to say goodbye to one's customers. 4 - Since the $3.50 soft drinks don't come with free refills, the servers shouldn't ask "would you like a refill on that?" or anything of the sort.  They should ask "would you like another one?" instead.  They should also respond to requests for refills by saying "we don't offer refills, but I'd be happy to get you another one."  Just because there's a 10 dollar refillable soda option on the menu doesn't mean people all figure it out.  Most patrons don't even bother reading the beverage section of the menu if all they want is a standard beverage offered almost everywhere (like a cola or diet cola), and the reading difficulties imposed by the darkness make them even less likely to browse the offerings.
My husband and I went to do something fun. The comedy was great!  The food, however, is mediocre at best. In addition, we were seated in the last row, and 10 minutes into the headliner they sat someone else at our table, so that they were in front of us. I could not see a thing. When we received our check, they had added an 18% gratuity without permission or notification.  I will not be returning anytime soon.
We came to the Improv for the first time on Friday night for my wife's work holiday party. We arrived early for dinner and drinks from a predetermined menu. Dinner started with a salad of clearly bagged, almost brown iceberg lettuce, with some croutons and frozen-then-thawed looking tomatoes that were pinkish at best. I took a few bites of this unappetizing poor excuse for a salad, and I can tell you it was downright tragic. Dinner arrived and since there wasn't any vegetarian options on this predetermined menu, we received a dish that was supposed to contain meat with the meat omitted. It was a huge pile of spaghetti in a bowl. It looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked. The pasta was overcooked, and the tomato sauce was just watered down puréed canned tomatoes. I saw traces of onion in my dish but didn't taste them at all. I was so hungry that I salted the heck out of this abomination and took a few bites. Yuck. I didn't make a dent in this crapfest. For dessert we were given a choice of chocolate cake, which my wife ordered, and cheesecake, which I ordered. The chocolate cake had freezer burn. Inexcusable! It wasn't edible. The cheesecake was only a hair better, but it had obviously come out of the freezer as well. I know people aren't coming here for the food, but if you are FORCING them to order things off of your menu to fulfill some outdated requirements (two drink/two menu item minimum) then at least make some halfway decent food. It doesn't even have to be memorable...just not OFFENSIVE. Which it was!! Had I paid for any of this I would have made a huge stink, but I tried to be polite and push my food around and make small talk.   The comedians were good. The venue was nice-ish and we got to sit in the front because we arrived early for our "event". Not always the best thing in a comedy club (we only got picked on a little bit). But damn, I was hungry! I found myself fantasizing about all of the crappy Waterfront restaurants and how I'd rather be there...how I'd rather be heating up a discount microwave dinner...how I'd rather have a giant bowl of Captain Crunch...how I'd rather go back in time and eat spaghetti from my high school cafeteria...what a dreadful dining experience.  My car was also violated in the parking lot. I had an adorable German license plate on the front of my adorable German car which was stolen while I was eating hideous food, which was just the slap in the face I wanted when finally retreating to my car. I feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole.  The Improv should consider outsourcing the food prep to a catering company. I truly believe that's the only thing that can save this place. Do yourself a favor and eat beforehand, and just order a beer. Well, two I guess. Other diners at our table complained about the quality of the cocktails so I'd steer clear of those. Unless there is a can't miss type of comedian here, I can't ever picture going back to the Improv. I'd give the comedians 4 stars, and the food ZERO stars.
So...we got here and seated by 635pm. Orders placed. Drinks served. Now it is 752pm. One of my party has still not received his chicken sandwich. I had My shrimp diablo. It was as described. Spicy and good!!! But hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable. We also sent an order of chicken fingers back...dryer than sand. And my fiancés chicken Caesar salad chicken was as dry as the chicken fingers. Barely edible, in fact, she didn't eat more than 3 pieces of it. Upgrade the food service and this place would be somewhat a lil better.
It's sad that this the only place locally to see national comedy acts (other than the big 'uns in the Cultural District). I hate this place's M.O. The space itself is fine...only a few blind spots, nice intimate venue. They bring decent acts in, although they have a lot of repeats and need to bring in more new acts. But the two item minimum just infuriates me. Overpriced, shitty food and drinks. We went to see Lachlan Patterson last night (hilarious show, very nice guy, signed our CD and posed for photos with people). We dropped $40 on a chicken quesadilla, 6 hot wings, and 2 Yuengling drafts. The whole time I just sit there thinking about all the amazing places I COULD have eaten for $40. Burgatory is right down the street. Hell, TGI Friday's would have been better. I've been to other comedy places in other cities and they often have minimums but everything is either a lot cheaper or a lot better quality.  The Improv's saving grace is that they often have free or very cheap tickets.
Let me preface this by saying, I generally compare all grocery stores to Publix, maybe even Kroger. That being said, the one thing Giant Eagle (GE) has going for it is the quality and selection of items. There is no question that it has everything you could want. That's where the praise ends. Let's just do this numerically...  1. Prices are outrageous. If you walk 100 yards over to the Target next to it, you'll find some of the same items for 30-40% cheaper. A bag of Gevalia coffee is $7.99 at GE, the same coffee at Target is $4.99. And it's not just coffee, and not just Target. Giant Eagle has little other grocer competition in Pittsburgh. This being the case, if you're not near an Aldi's, Target or Walmart, you have to go to GE for stuff. They're banking on this lack of competition.   2. Parking lots are thrashed every day, all the time. Now, maybe you don't care. But when I go in the morning, they've been open maybe 30 minutes and there are shopping carts littering the parking lot and the sidewalk in front of the building. They clearly don't bring them in at the end of the night. They also rarely have any small baskets near the door, you'll need to hunt for one. It's just laziness and a lack of care, on both accounts. They don't care about the appearance of the outside, nor the convenience for the customers.   3. I don't normally mind the self-checkout, but only if I have a limited number of items. If I need a full grocery order, I'm going to have to wait in line for one of the two cashiers working the registers, on a Saturday. The lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious. I'm already paying exorbitant prices, but I also have to ring up and bag my cart full of groceries too? Walmart doesn't even make you do that!  So that's about it. If you don't mind paying much higher than average grocery prices, ringing and bagging your cart full of groceries and generally being an afterthought as a customer, than Giant Eagle in Waterfront is awesome!
Barnes & Noble, it's like the Wal-Mart of bookstores.  Beating down the competition of other now defunct national competitors and mom and pop type stores alike.    I'm not quite sure whether I'm in a cafe, at a newspaper stand, a book store, a CD shop, a movie house or a flea market sometimes.  With all the tables and shelves that  you have to dodge it's a bit hard to figure it out.  Feels like the place should implode on itself and then reform into an audio book about coffee.  I don't know about y'all, but I'd rather buy my books from a place that has more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than a national chain like this.
I stopped here yesterday with Rob and Matt after golf to have a few drinks prior to seeing "The Hangover" at Loews across the street.  Incidentally, "The Hangover" is one of the funniest movies I've seen in years and worth the $10 to see it in the theater.  Okay, back to the restaurant the space itself is very nice.  There are plenty of hightops, plasmas and a few booths.  It's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows.  We sat at the bar and were greeted relatively quickly by the bartender who was tending a pretty much empty bar.  I ordered a guinness as usual, Rob ordered a long island iced tea and Matt had a miller light.  Make sure and tell them if you want a top shelf tea else you'll be getting the stuff in the plastic bottles.  I sampled Rob's long island tea and it was not that good way too much sours.  The next one he ordered was much better after a little guidance to the bartender.  The bartender herself was okay, not too friendly but quick enough with the pours.  I don't remember her name which is usually not a good sign.  We ordered a few things from the appetizer menu.  We started with the chips and salsa.  The chips were crisp enough, but not served warm and the salsa had some spice but the colors were a little off kind of looked like the color of pea soup.  Rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders.  I tried one it was okay I guess  the bun was warm and it was pretty loaded with cheese and onions.  He asked for a side of mayo and they said they were out, which is bizarre because there is a giant eagle a couple blocks away.  This pretty much sums up my experiences at the Bar Louie's I've been too.  They kind of do just enough for me to come back but rarely make any real effort with service.  Maybe I'm being too critical... I tried to order the baked goat cheese, but they were out... So, I settled on the hummus appetizer.  This was surprisingly pretty good.  The pita was warm and toasted the hummus had lots of flavor and the tabouleh was edible.  It's probably best to stick to simple stuff when dining here.  Matt had the hot wings which I tried one and it was okay, your pretty standard mass produced chicken wing.  All in all this place isn't that bad.  If you want to grab a drink before or after the movie and you're more concerned with convenience than necessarily friendly service and really good food than you could do worse.
I had the EXACT same experience as John R. Went here to get a quick bite to eat before seeing a movie across the street. The place was near empty and there were three waitresses. Got seated and waited on immediately. Ordered drinks, and it took them 15 minutes to come...no, not alcoholic drinks, two waters and an iced tea. This should have been a bad sign, but at this point we ordered food.  20 minutes go by...we flag down our waitress, to let her know that we need to get to a movie in 45 minutes. She said our food would be out in a few minutes. Another 20 minutes, still no food, and our waitress is nowhere to be seen. We flag down another waitress, she says she will find our waitress, who we then notice is chatting with one of the other waitresses. She finishes her conversation and finally makes her way over to our table about five minutes later. She says she didn't even realize our food hadn't arrived (well, you never even checked on us, so of course you didn't). After speaking with the kitchen staff, she informs us that she "definitely" put our order in so it "must have been given to someone else by mistake." Because they wouldn't have noticed that that WASN'T what they ordered? Seriously?  The waitress told us she could give us our food for take out and, since we were starving, we reluctantly agreed. 10 minutes later, our food and the bill arrived. All that was comped was the iced tea, and we got some free utensils and wetnaps. How generous! We shovelled what we could into our mouths, did NOT leave a tip (thankfully, we didn't have the added gratuity that John had), and sprinted to our movie where we covertly finished our smuggled food. Worst part? I opened the wetnap, and it was totally dry. Of course.  However, I gave this place two stars instead of one. That's because my food, when I finally got it, was perfect. I had the Greek burger and it was huge, cooked exactly how I like it, with delicious toppings. I really wish I could come back here for the food but...hell no.
Let me just say that this used to be a place I loved.  Remember when you'd go somewhere and have good food, great service and a general pleasant experience and then a few months you'd go back and have it all again? Well one day you decide to go back and you realized everything has changed in a way that you can't describe and the place is no longer familiar. To me, that is Bar Louie  I can't say the food is bad. I had an order of the pretzel sticks for an appetizer and the cinnamon sauce tasted like water and the pretzels were stale. I will say I still ate them so shame on me. My  sandwich (the Mario) as always was very good.  Now here comes the bad:  1. There were fruit flies EVERYWHERE. I felt like we were eating on top of a garbage dump. At one point I had to get a new drink because one flew in my beer. I understand that the establishment is an indoor/outdoor place but there is no reason for 15 fruit flies to hover over my table.  2. The place is enormous and they had one, very nice, but over worked server. The girl looked like she was about to have a heart attack because she never stopped moving.  3. Because of number two our service in general was not good. I can't totally blame the girl she did the best we could. I mean. I've played Diner Dash on my iPad, I know what happens when a place fills up too quickly when you are the only one working.  It's sad when a place you love turns into a place you never want to go again. I think I'm being very generous by giving it two stars but because I used to love it so much I can't rate it that low. Part of me hopes it gets better, but like an absentee father it'll just let me down again.
This is one of those places where the presentation is nice, but the taste is too ordinary. Friends and I went here for happy hour (starting at 5pm). They claimed to have $1 draft, $5 mixed drinks, and half off appetizers. When we got there, we realized the happy hour special only applies to certain items, so pretty much the discount was pointless. We ended up spending a fortune on beer and mediocre appetizers.   I only had appetizers here so I can't really judge them for their entrées, but I will rate according to my eating/drinking experience.  I got the spinach artichoke dip. It was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing. For a dip, it had way too many obstacles built in to it. I don't know what they did with the artichoke, but it was super fibrous...I felt like I was chewing grass.   Overall, I would not recommend this place unless you have money to make it rain. Food was way too average for the high price.
I am normally a Bar Louie Fan - my husband and I LOVE the one in Tampa.  This location needs a lot of work.  We went on a Friday evening before a show at the Improv.  We were looking to meet up with friends and have drinks and a quick bite to eat.  We never got to the food part because of the level of service that we received.  We got there at about 6:40/6:45 so Happy Hour was wrapping up, but I would say that the bar was not even 3/4 full.  There were also plenty of empty tables.  This should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction.  But we grabbed a table.  I am not a clock watcher, so I am not sure how long it took us to get a server but it was at least 5-7 minutes.  Then we got our drinks at 7:04.  The only reason that I know is because I was looking at my phone because my husband and I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour.  That went out the window.  When our friends for there; they ordered drinks.  We finished them and left.  The server was nice, that is not the issue.  The issue was how GROSSLY UNDERSTAFFED they were.  They had two bartenders on (I think) and not nearly enough cocktail servers.  The server apologized for the wait on the drinks, but explained it away with "this happens at the end of happy hour because the bar get swamped".  That is a sign that you need more staff.  I have never had this happen at any other bar before.  Get more staff.  We ended up passing up on food because we were worried about time, not the fact that we did not get HH pricing.  Even though, in my opinion, they should have honored HH pricing since we were ready to order food at 7:50/7:55.  We ended up going to the Improv and got food there.  Bar Louie lost a great deal of my money because their lack of staffing and they will never get our Pittsburgh business again or our friends who live there.
The food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics!
Food is Shitty probably would be good if they had a cook that knew how to cook it correctly.  Staff is ok no complaints drinks are good as well
Eh, this place was okay but it was sort of a weird crowd/overall experience for a Saturday night.  Bobby and I came here after dinner and sat up at the bar. Tip: if you sit behind the taps, no one will bother to acknowledge you exist. When we moved seats, we were finally asked what we would like to drink after waiting for 5+ minutes in our original seats. It wasn't all that busy, either. Most of the people sitting at the bar were a bit older than we were. It seems that Bar Louie is trying too hard to be trendy with the decor/neon blue lighting/extensive martini list. Maybe I'm just salty about the wait.
Really the only thing good about this place is the happy hour. No one wants to pay $8 for a glass of wine that is a short pour and bottom quality.
I don't frequent Bar Louie, and I really don't plan to change that any time soon. I've eaten here and stopped in for drinks a couple times over the years and I just haven't been super impressed by the place.  The food has been decent - a few years back I splurged on an enormous fried chicken sandwich and definitely enjoyed it, glutton that I am - but their meals and appetizers alike have admittedly never "wowed" me. And while I enjoy their cocktails and would consider stopping in just for drinks more often, the problem is that things are way overpriced here. Even during the happy hour drinks are pretty costly, not to mention that I think most of the drinks I personally like don't qualify for the happy hour discount, which is disappointing. Once I stopped in with friends after a movie and one drink cost me $10 here. Not even a large one, either! Sorry, but I find that to be kind of ridiculous, especially since there's cheaper places to get drinks in the area.  Still, the food and drinks are definitely a-ok albeit overpriced, so this place would be rated 3 stars in my mind IF I could hear myself think when I eat here. But good Lord, they're just so loud! I always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard. Not cool, Bar Louie. Not cool.  So while the food and drinks are fine enough the loud venue and prices mean that this is definitely not one of my favorite places - and given the other options we have at the Waterfront I don't expect to be back in any time soon.
Food was 7 out of 10 for this type of bar / restaurant. Service was extremely poor and bar service was also extremely poor. Untrained and understaffed bartenders will keep me from coming back. No reason to not be able to get a drink when sitting at the bar.
Good drink (new old fashioned)Food was so so (shrimp tempura app), but service was NOT good and I think it may have been amateur night in the kitchen. Food took a long time to arrive for a simple fried appetizer - approx. 20 mins. with zero acknowledgment from my bartender.  Shrimp were cooked well, but sauces were extremely salty & sweet to be paired with tempura batter.  The bar is drafty and customers other than me were complaining with no noticeable change. I'm not staying for a main course
I wanna love Bar Louie, I do. It seems like even on the deadest of nights it takes 20 minutes or more for a waitress to even show up at our table and get a drink order from us. The food is good, but the past 3 or 4 times I've come they've been out of tater tots by 9 PM, and I'm always told after my order is put in and the kitchen decides it's now time to tell the wait staff they're out of something. It may be time to start frequenting a different location besides the one on the Waterfront.
I absolutely love the ambiance of this place. The bar area is very large, and there is even some upstairs seating with nice couches and whatnot. A solid beer selection at reasonable prices makes you want to come back! It doesn't generally get very crowded (even on Friday and Saturday nights), so don't expect a South Side type of environment.   All that being said, there is a reason why this is a two-star review. Even though this place doesn't get crowded, it takes a very long time to get served. I have waited up to 30 minutes between rounds while sitting at a relatively empty bar.
I only go here when I can't get into Burgatory and because I enjoy the outdoor area with the firepit which is a pretty cool atmosphere.  Their really unhealthy food options like the loaded fries or loaded tots are pretty good, but their healthier food options are really lacking.  I tried to get the blackened fish tacos and the fish was really dry and overcooked and of poor quality.  The tortillas were completely stale and hard and had large gashes down the middle.  They have a decent beer selection but when I asked what their seasonal Great Lakes on tap was they said the Christmas ale (it's the last week in April now). I knew that if I ordered that draft it would be quite stale as it's probably been in there for 6 months now, so I got a Southern Tier instead which was good.  The service is ok but rather slow.  Overall I'm pretty underwhelmed by this place.
The food was ok. We ordered the pot pie soup but instead were given the tortilla. We didn't mind too much but the soup was way too spicy for me, and I usually like spicy food. I ordered the chicken sandwich and it was decent. Nothing to rave about. It was just ordinary. My boyfriend ordered the chicken and bleu cheese flatbread, and I really liked it. I'd suggest ordering that if you come here for a bite to eat. I also tried their Pinot Grigio, but it was in a very dirty glass.  Service was ok as well. It wasn't really busy, but it was steady. When we walked in no one was around the door and there were dirty tables everywhere. So we made our way towards the back and sat down at the only clean table. It seems like the waitresses won't clean the tables until after new customers sit down. After a few minutes, I noticed a table of two that were beside us. They were there before us but they had yet to be taken care of even after we got our drinks and ordered. All in all, this place just needs a bit of organization.
I go here often because I work down in the waterfront, the staff is very friendly and nice. The drinks are very expensive but that's every Bar Louie. The one in homestead takes forever for food, the wait is ridiculous. I spent almost 45 minutes for some nachos. It's cool for a pre game and they have dollar burgers on Tuesday, and dollar brews on Wednesdays. It's very close to the movie theater so good for a date night! But just make sure you give yourself a little time because the service is a bit bad.
The evites are in the mail for the 2 for $99 special! You will have to spend $24 on a parking pass. I signed up last year for this promotion and don't think I got the passes worth.   The waterpark is nice and lounging by the pool or floating around the lazy river is perfect for a hot summer day. There are just too many misses in my book though.  1st off all Traffic is a biatch! Be ready to sit on browns hill rd for a very long time unless you leave before 9am and wait for the park to open at 10am.   Next remember it is a family park so there will be lots of rude and bratty kids all over the place. (I'm not a mean kid hater) my experiences have been bad at the Sandbar pool.   If you do arrive early enough you will be standing in the hot sun with a gang of kids that WILL push you out of the way and run to claim 10 chairs with towels even though they won't use them because they run around the park all day. I actually got into an argument last summer with one said kid. I was like "I'm an adult and you need to have some respect." He pushed me and took all the chairs. I only needed one and his mother did not correct him. I was on fire and moved a chair over from the back and he still was giving me crap because I moved the chairs over...THAT NO ONE was even there to sit in at the time. Damn! FOR REAL!  Sandbar drinks are expensive and incredibly weak. Plus they are so sugary. If you do get a frozen drink and sit by the pool be prepared for it to be half pool water in a few minutes. An Adult area would change all this. I don't even care that I'm getting splashed all the time I do realize that I'm at a pool but it's hard to relax.  If you do get a pass have a friend who can get there the same days you can go. If you're trying to go on the weekend forget it! The weekdays are bad enough. I'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer.
It's fun, but not as fun as Kennywood. The boardwalk food is a bit too far from the wave pool and that makes for a lot of shoes on/shoes off events. The lazy river could be much better. I did like the water slides and the Potato Patch fries, as well as the scenic location.
I have the season pass and go atleast once a week and each time I've been in the last week Ive been.disappointed. Two weeks ago they threw a rubber baby in the wave pool and entice panic and claimed iy was a training exercise. Disgusted. And today twice the pool with mushroom and waterfall in it was shut down due to adults pooping in the pool or puking dont know cant get a strait answer from any of employees. Just sad there customer service sucks.
This was my first time back in about 12 years.  I haven't been here since high school so its hard for me to compare 12 years ago to now.  I do know the prices have gone up but i can remember paying $19.  I think the best thing you can do is purchase the tickets at giant eagle or even looking on the sandcastle website for deals.  My sister for a deal for 19.99 and day in the 2015 season.  I  paid 26.99 at my local giant eagle.  Thats not really a big deal.    I am definetly shocked that there was a $6 or $12 fee to park.. I mean its ridiculous we have to pay what we pay to get in and another fee to park is crazy.  We opted for the $12 fee to park real close to the entrance bc of having a 7 year old with us.  It is worth that extra $6.    I learned that you should get there and line up at the game fairly early if you want a good spot by the pool... People with plow you over and run to get a prime spot.  That is a downfall.  Plus this means that there are a lot of RUDE PEOPLE.  We got there early enough to ride all the rides we needed too.  we didn't do the lay river however because the lines were RIDICULOUS.    The wave pool was a hit for my son but just watch all the people there.  People are rude there as well.  Some horse play and such.   I must comment on the food, i def love potato patch fries but the prices are crazy... I ordered 2 chicken tender meals with fries and the costed me around 35 with drinks.  THATS is BS.    Sandcastle is an ok place to visit, but its just not worth the money
Fried rice super bland. Chicken was slimy. Service was indifferent.  No repeat visit for me.
Came in for take out around 330 today. Food was ready in 5 min. Service was good. Rice is a little plain but i just add some soy sauce. General tso had NO flavor. Not crispy at all assuming thats why it was so fast. Sweet snd sour chicken was to moist. Only reason i would go back is speed. Not worth it flr the price. Had better food at buffet
Meh, I've experienced better is an understatement.  Friday's is like the "fine dining chain" for every yinzer in Pittsburgh...  1.  When we were seated, it was quick which was a surprise.  Somehow this restaurant gets packed and I never understand why.  I was happy about that. 2.  I ordered one of their "skinny margaritas", blackberry to be exact.  It was a nice size, however, at $6.00/pop, that was half of my food bill. 3.  The waitress started off attentive, but after our food came out she was gone.  I ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard.  Loaded mashed potato on the side because I wanted heartburn ha! 4.  Food came.  My burger had lettuce on it only.  Waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks.  I had to wait to ask for my pickle. 5.  The loaded potatoes were more like rubber than potatoes and not what I was expecting.  Disappointment. 6.  The waitress then went into oblivion and only returned with our check.    Never again will I eat at Friday's.  I will, however, go should a happy hour arise...
This place.. Is ok if ur grabn something quick .. But they do have a great happy hour tho
I'm not opposed to chain restaurants but this TGI Fridays in comparison to some of the other ones in the area truly falls short of the "chain" expectation.   I order the Jack Daniel's chicken and shrimp with just fries. The fries were undercooked and thrown haphazardly into the sauce holder. The shrimp was over cooked and just deepfried. The chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer. Even the water tasted weird.  Fortunately, we had a very nice and charismatic waiter and all of the staff was very friendly.   I'd recommend the TGI Fridays out in South Hills Village over this one any day.
I had a gift card so I decided to use it for a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average!
Went with 5 others for a weeknight dinner. The server was very friendly, but seemed a little overwhelmed. Maybe they were short handed.  The food was to me not even average. I ordered a burger, which very overdone and dry. Had to drown it in mayo to get moisture in it.  My friend ordered nachos and what arrived looked like they had broken some taco shells down the middle, then put cheese and one jalapeño slice on each piece. Imagine 6 half-moons of taco shell.  Not like any nachos I've ever seen, and more importantly not even the way they were served the three prior times my friend had ordered them.
I understand its a chain, and pretty standardized everywhere you go, but I found this location to be especially bad. First, when you walk in the restaurant has a very stale grease smell that permeates throughout the restaurant, nothing visibly dirty, but smells like the entire joint needs de-greased. Second, the service, the host was a typical younger girl, efficient without too much professionalism, not a big deal. The waitress, a "professional" , but unfortunately not in the way of experienced great service, but moreso as experienced in efficiently moving things along.  Our food took a long time, and she 'saved' herself by telling us that she didn't know why our food wasn't ready yet, but would check again, and of course, hot plates with luke-warm food came out soon after. She reeked of cigarette smoke, so i'm going to make a dumb assumption and guess that's where she was.  The food, typical TGI-fridays food, good enough, for a chain restaurant.  Extremely unlikely that i'd return.
Fridays seems to have gone down hill. I was quite surprised when we went and there want a wait. I thought we had lucked out. We were seated quickly and our server came over quickly. There was only one other table that had people in the section we were in.  I ordered a Jack Daniels burger-cooked medium. Our food came quickly. My burger was well done and dry. Without the Jack Daniels sauce there was no flavor at all.  The fries were pretty good. I was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone.  Thankfully our server did a nice job.
I don't care what Cub and Bulls fans think, this Steeler and Penguins fan thinks deep dish pizza is not all that. First, the crust tastes like a biscuit, and biscuits belong nowhere near or on a pizza. I will give UNOs a thumbs up on it's flatbread, it's better pizza than some pizzerias In the area. When I look over uno's menu almost nothing excites me, this place is a dud. Guess what? Chicagoans don't know how to eat hot dogs either!
I really don't know why I bother with chain restaurants anymore.  Now that my palate has matured and I no longer think chicken fingers and french fries are gourmet cuisine, I really can't find anything to eat in a place like this.    My husband and I were running errands at the Waterfront, and we needed to find a place for lunch.  We decided on Uno because pizza sounded good to us.  My husband is a meat lover, so I agreed to let him order us a meat-covered pizza.  To counteract this a little, I ordered a tomato mozzarella salad, so we'd at least have some vegetables in the mix.    When the salad arrived, it did NOT look like the picture.  The menu description is thus: "chopped lettuce, roma tomatoes with basil and garlic, buffalo mozzarella, drizzled with balsamic syrup."  This description is accompanied by a bright, colorful picture of a salad with bright green lettuce, bright red tomatoes, and a delicate "drizzling" of balsamic syrup.  It looks light and yummy.  What we got, however, was soggy yellow and white iceberg lettuce, COMPLETELY DRENCHED in dressing, a total of four tiny pieces of tomato, and some cheese.  It was DISGUSTING.  There was so much dressing dripping off of this dish, it was more like a soup than a salad.  I suspect that the lettuce was so wilted and brown, they figured they could disguise it by completely soaking it in dressing.  Not only was it disgusting, but it cost us about $10.  $10 for complete inedible slop.    The "numero uno" pizza we got was nothing to write home about either.  It was ok... very mediocre.  The crust tasted like it was undercooked, and the sauce tasted like plain tomato sauce with no seasoning whatsoever.  I have been to Chicago many times, had real Chicago deep dish many times, and this just doesn't even come close to the real thing.    The ONLY positive I give this restaurant is they have the kiosk in the front where you can look up the calorie count of the food right there.  It would be better if they'd actually print it on the menu, but they are still doing better than most restaurants in this effort.  They are making strides, too, with their whole grain crust options.  I'm sure there's still a lot of room for improvement, however.  If you're listening, Uno, please work on providing your customers with healthier food - not just healthy options like salads, but work on making the main dishes you serve better for your customers (low-fat cheese, low-sugar sauce, less sodium, etc.).   Their hearts will applaud you.    And lastly, why does every chain restaurant have to decorate with old signs?  Is there some sort of chain restaurant decorating requirement I don't know about?  It's baffling.
I really love deep dish pizza. The thick crust that is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The spicy, peppery sauce that can singe your tongue. The mixture of ingredients just sliding down your chin as it bubbles out of your mouth. That being said, I really don't understand why people go to Pizzeria Uno. This chain has done to the deep dish pizza what McDonald's has done to hamburgers, Pizza Hut has done to pan pizza, Dominoes has done to hand tossed pizza, and Taco Bell has done to Tex-Mex; it has made it almost unpalatable. On our menu:  French onion Chicken bites Pizza with pepperoni, hamburger, and romano  Looking past the fact that the service was not the best or the fact that the food came out undercooked and tepid in temperature, the food just was not good. Don't get me wrong, this is not the worst pizza I have ever eaten, but this chain is a perfect example of what happens when something becomes so prescribed, overhandled, and overthought that it no longer resembles the original piece of art that tasted so good.   I really never want to return.
Food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side Ass mashed potatoes. Everything was ok not a lot of flavor.
Pizza ok on it's own nothing great . Definitely not worth the restaurant price.  definitely not like pizzeria UNO in Chicago. Are they even related   or are they just using their name and trademark.
The menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive. For 2 personal pizzas (the size of pizza hut) 2 beers and 2 salads, we paid over $50 bucks. The personal pizzas alone were $11 each... If you want pizza and beer go somewhere else-pasta appetizers, or sandwiches... this place is good.
Was very disappointed with the food. It was overcooked and not seasoned very well
Nice place but some of the items on the menu are not available unless you get a 2 for 12 but that's not what the online menu states. And it's a salad come on..
The only reason to come here is because it's a fun place to eat. It sure isn't the food.   Too much dressing in a salad that didn't even fill the bowl. Like so many before it, UNOs is making me leave hungry. It was a salad with Walnuts, Goat Cheese, and Blueberries, and while it was good, there was absolutely no value in this meal. One of these days I will learn to stop eating at big chain restaurants, kind of like not shopping at big box stores.   It's a nice atmosphere and generally crowded and loud. Some would call it fun and I think it is. But, sometimes it's worth a little extra to get what you really want and need in a meal. That's what adds value.   In the future these places will be relegated to the last ditch effort when nothing else is available. Only in a pinch.
Poor management, plenty of empty tables, but line is still over an hour. Waitress had a negative attitude when we asked to have another minute to look at the menu & stormed off.
We woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place. We needed to go to the Waterfront for errands so we decided to have lunch there. It was around 11:30 and the restaurant was mostly empty. They say is in the back near the doorway to the kitchen. We were waiting and waiting for our waitress to come. During that time we realized that there was a child's birthday party 2 tables away. There were 3 tables of young boys and a table of parents. They were mostly well behaved but they were LOUD!!  Our waitress finally came and took our orders. While we were waiting for food there was a waitress standing right inside the kitchen door complaining about her day job. She went on and on about how bad it was and how she was looking for a new job. So in one ear I had a complaining waitress and birthday party in the other.  We were about to get up and leave when our food came. I had the Wedge Salad. It was ok but not something I would order again. My husband's salad, Italian Chopped, was better. It had a brightness that my salad lacked. IF I ever went back, and that's a BIG IF, I would order that salad. I had the personal size Chicago pizza. It had huge chunks of tomatoes, sausage, and cheese. For something that took so long to get it should have been hot. It was room temperature. I only ate half. My husband got the ziti with sausage. It was salty. I managed one bite and was done. My husband has a higher tolerance for salt so he was able to eat it. What we came away with from this experience is to leave. Don't try to stay when the experience is that bad. We were throughly disappointed.
REDO!  I went to PF Chang's several years ago and was NOT pleased with the food that was presented to me.    My issue: I thought I was getting Chinese food.    My resolution: Try this restaurant again knowing that it is just reinvented American food with names of those Chinese dishes I actually like to eat.  So we returned to PF Chang's for lunch to try this American food in this caricature of a Chinese restaurant.  There were very few people in the restaurant.  The two of us were seated in the largest corner booth and left to review our menus.  When our waitress finally arrived we ordered the following items:  Coca Cola Iced Tea Pan fried pork dumplings Sesame chicken lunch with white rice and egg drop soup Changs chicken with white rice  Our drinks and my soup came out immediately.  Unfortunately I was brought the wrong soup and the server had disappeared before I had a chance to say anything.  I could see her across the barren wasteland that was the dining room and we even made eye contact several times, but at no point could I get her to come back to my table.  I tried the soup and was disgusted with it and placed it at the end of the table.  I didn't know what it was and didn't want to know.  Almost ten minutes later she arrived quite happy with the job she was doing and asked how the food was.  I asked if she could bring out some egg drop soup. I didn't expect to get the stink-eye.  My egg drop soup was brought out with the dumplings as well as the caddy of different sauces and oils.  The server really wasn't that into the experience, but again gave me the stink-eye when I told her that mixing the sauces was unnecessary since I knew what each of them was and would be able to mix them myself.  I mixed the rice vinegar, chili oil, chili paste, and soy sauce (my guess is that it was supposed to be tamari) to create a dipping sauce for our dumplings. I took a bite of the soup and it was somewhat better than the other soup, but it was still brown.  I ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server.  It was thick and gooey and the flavor didn't wow.  I saw no reason to continue.  I moved on to the dumplings, which had an okay flavor to them.  The skins were a bit thick and doughy.  The meat on the inside did not balance this attribute at all.  The sauce tasted a little odd so I tried to remix and it was still off.  I tried the components individually and found that some of them were either old, stale, or rancid.  We finished our dumplings.  Our lunch entrees arrived.  I had ordered mine extra-spicy, but I guess it came Pittsburgh Hot (super mild) and had a lackluster flavor at best.  The meat was tough and the sauce tasted of soy sauce more than anything else.  I tried some of Chang's chicken and was equally mollified.  This was supposed to be their version of General Tso's Chicken.  Now I have never had a General's chicken that was the same at any place.  It is always different.  Many of them are good in different ways.  This food, though, it wasn't good.  Chang's chicken fell into the same category as the Sesame Chicken -- since it tasted mainly of soy sauce -- with the addition sugar.    I just don't understand how anyone can like this place.  Even the Yoshida Sauce you get at Sam's/Costco tastes better.
Stars are for the food only.    2.5 rating  Got there at 8pm on Saturday night, they told us it was an hour wait which was expected, but it only took 30minutes to be seated so that was a bonus.  Started off with the lettuce wraps and i used to be a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now(FYI-love the lettuce wraps at the cheesecake factory).  I had the Singapore rice noodles.  This was so so as i thought immediately that lu lu noodles and asian cafe are better.  The fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw.   Some good notes were the Dynamite shrimp, plump, juicy, tangy with a small kick.    Sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick.   The service was annoying.   We were there less than 45 minutes and it seemed like our waiter was in a rush to get us out of there.   Constantly asking if he could remove my plate.  I had to sternly say at one point that I will let you know when i am finished.  I found it rude especially since  there wasn't even a line at this point.    I think we will travel elsewhere following a movie.  The result never quite met the anticipation.
Sadly I've been here a few times because it's a crowd pleaser when my girlfriend's parents come down to visit. There's nothing really WRONG with it. The portions are big and the food is "alright" and the interior gives you the superficial impression that you're encountering fine dining.  The food is sooooo bland though. Everything you get at P.F. Chang's you can get elsewhere in Pittsburgh at a much lower cost and it'll be made with more precision and have better flavor. The honey chicken at P.F. Chang's was so mediocre all I could think about while eating it was heading over to Wai Wai in Bloomfield and getting a tastier order of it for 8 bucks.  Last time we were there the server was horrendous as well. I don't think I've ever felt as awkward at a restaurant. He brought my girlfriend's father (Don) his unsweetened tea then told him he didn't bring sugar because he asked for it sweetened and then did not understand the concept of sweetening it yourself. He then got all huffy when Don kept asking for it and actually seemed angry at us. When he came back to take our order Don ordered for himself and his wife and before Janey (my girlfriend) and I could order he had already started to walk away. We actually had to yell out to get him to come back and finish our order. (not in an uncivilized or malicious way, either) After that he must have thought we were terrible diners (I don't think I've ever been impolite to someone who is currently at work, or ANYONE for that matter) and he showed it by being silent and plopping things down in a passive aggressive way. It was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died.  Obviously the attitude of one idiot who can't hide his bad day well doesn't really have anything to do with the restaurant. But it's soooooo bland! Go somewhere else for Chinese! Look up Chinese on Urbanspoon and it'll give you a variety of good, local places to choose from at half the price.
I really enjoyed my Mongolian beef and pork pot stickers, but  There was NO presentation of pfc mixing sauces.  One of the things that sets pfc apart from the run of the mill Non franchise is PRESENTATION and experience.  I was extremely disappointed by the LACK of presentation.   Reservations: Our party arrived about 15 minutes before our 5:30 reservations.  At 6:11 we were informed our reserved table had been given to another party . Obviously someone dropped the ball here.....  When we requested silverware for the table. Our waitress blamed it on the hostess. Yes, theHostess should have provided silverware.. However It was unprofessional of our waitress to pass buck. As a Patron I could care less who's fault it is; just $@&&@in fix it. Defiantly took away from my pfc experience.  My Hot and sour soup is usally served with"noodley" things that I drop in the soup. We weren't given any "noodley " things . Not trying to be a jerk but all things being equal the pfc isn't selling food as much as they are selling an experience. This experience is what sets this restaurant apart.
ok so i've eaten here more than once but just thought to write a review on it. now, i'll be honest this is the only one i've ever been to, so i don't know if they're all the same but every time i'm underwhelmed. i get there, look at their giant selection and get excited. then i get my meal and remember that i've never had anything too great. don't get me wrong, it's not bad, but for how much they charge, they really need to step it up or at least give me a huge portion. just saying...
Our last few visits have left something to desire, One of the things I always notice is the demeanor of an establishments employees. These people look miserable, no one smiles or greets you appropriately, it's more like get in, get out, turn the tables,  The food has remained consistently good... when we can order it. the last time JB and I came for a quick dinner, the place was not busy yet we were passed by 6 frowning waitstaff without getting drinks... for 15 minutes we were left suiting at our table with our menus closed and sitting on the edge of the table (HINT, HINT) so we left and most likely will not be returning.
If you look at other reviews you will see that I am a very positive person, but tonight was an utter disaster!!  We sat at the bar and the female bartender  was miserable. We ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did.  She spent 20 minutes sending text messages and took 3 smoke brakes in one hour while our drinks were empty. We ordered appetizers and they never came out.  She actually brought us our check and we never got our food. By the way we were the only people at the bar.  Finally a bus boy brought us our food after we payed. We payed before our food came because we thought our table was ready. We finally got seated by the windows. Do not sit by the windows because it was very cold. We ordered our dinner and drinks and guess what no drinks. After our food came we asked about our drinks and the waiter said he forgot. Nothing was comped and no manager was available. This PF Changs needs new management!! We will never return. I will give it 2 stars because the food was great, but the employees are absolutely miserably from hostess to waiters to bartenders. Steer clear until changes are made. It's not worth the headache.
I seriously don't know why people love this place so much, the food here is horrible. The rice is never cooked properly.. And it's not even Asian food. It's fake asian food. I never come here anymore.
They give you such a tiny portion and I got the sweet n sour chicken as lunch and I was still hungry plus my rice was cold would I come Back maybe not
This place has gone downhill and I don't expect that we will be going back. In fact, I don't expect it to be in business past Christmas. They raised their prices, changed the menu, and removed several of our favorite dishes from the menu. The veggie dumplings are gone, the jasmine iced tea is gone, and the mini-dessert are gone. The food is meh. My broccoli was mushy in the ginger chicken and the sauce was like candy because it was too sweet.
Disappointing :( I expected more out of PF Chang's. All I can say is that there is better Chinese at a non chain place, and it is cheaper. Wouldn't go back. I you want Chinese go to How Lee, or China Palace.
disappointed, service was ok, not what it used to be, food wasn't that great either, the cook used way to much pepper on the rice. Chicken was very tough. So then some college kids end up sitting behind us, and was acting like they where in a bar. We had our kids with us and I came close to saying something, but the manager should have seen that and took care of it, he was at there table twice.
The margaritas had too much sweetness too them even though they were organic - agave, lime juice, and tequila.  We had the pan-fried pot stickers, but they were barely fried...I wanted a little more crunch to them.  However, the pork was pretty flavorful and I liked the sauce they were topped with.  My boyfriend ordered the Hot Fish, but it was way too salty.  I had a spicy lamb dish with grape tomatoes and mint which was actually delicious.  Unfortunately, the service was definitely "meh" and one of the food runners spilled sauce on my boyfriend's pants...not cool.  The waiter offered seltzer water to try to get the stain out, but took forever to bring it to us.  I would give this place another chance, but will definitely ask for less or no salt, and hope for a better waiter next time.
Dinner with Friends,  The PF Chang's experience has transformed into more of a drive though than quality food. Our meal service took over 2 hours and each couple had to return at least one item to kitchen (appetizer or main entree).  I've been to other franchise location which are spectacular this location "not so much".
I've had bad experiences here a few times now.  I wrote panera bread and haven't heard back.  Bad service all around!!!  Basically, we ordered our food, they ran out of what we wanted, so just decided to make us something else with out telling us.  When we got our food, we asked why they made us that instead of what we ordered---'oh it was the closest to what you wanted'.....hmmmm how about you tell us that before we pay, and how about you give us our money back.  Really, you don't get much for what you pay for at panera.  Its not very good at all.
Service here is pretty bad. They were out of napkins and cup lids. I ordered chicken tortellini pasta and chicken noodle soup. My chicken seemed undercooked in the pasta and there wasn't any chicken in my soup.
Panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant I have ever been to. I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could've used a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing.
The problem I have this experience compared to my last is that the examination lasted 3 minutes.  The vet checked the ears, teeth, and nails then called it a day.    I came home looked at his teeth and saw my pup had a "slab fracture"  which was still attached to the gum.  The vet didn't mentioned it during the "exam" other than telling me to buy a finger brush to brush his teeth.  I was primarily there for a vaccination shot but if they're going to charge me for a examination, they should do a proper examination.  I just felt I was rushed out of there.   I took my dog to another vet where they told me about the slab fracture, gave me info on how it usually happens, potential problems that it can cause, and recommendations on ways to fix the problem.
Is it me or when I shop at Target and get to the register the total is always double what I anticipated it be?  Am I the only one?!  Target reminds me of Hills when I was a kid.  Since the rise of AMAZON I find it kind of pointless to visit any more.  They do have good prices of CD's and sometimes a hell of a deal on games, but nothing you couldn't find looking hard on EBay.  Save your gas if your not close but if you need something quick, I don't see why you shouldn't use Target as your option.
Watch out when it looks like something is on sale.  They mark a rack or table with a big buy one get one or 50% off sign, then only some of the stuff on the rack is on sale.
This place is bohunk central. Tuxedo jacket fit great. White slim fit shirt looked ridiculous. It was so big that I literally could jump off a skyscraper and land safely.   My friend got sized and this new guy (super nice) measured his 33 inch waist at 38. He looked really terrible at the wedding and was super depressed about it. His jacket didn't fit and his white shirt was worse than mine. I  The staff was really nice though. It's not their problem that men's warehouse picks vendors that support a 350 pound male frame.   I hope I never rent a tuxedo from Men's Warehouse again.
It's not that delish.
Is it a Pittsburgh thing? Maybe so but that is no excuse for this crumby diner chain. The few times I have dined (if that's what you want to call it) at an E'nP I felt like committing Sepaku (Hari - Kiri). I never got sick from the food but more disgusted with myself for stooping to this level of gastronomy. Nothing really worthwhile on the menu (maybe a burger- how much can you mess that up?). My gut just tells me not to trust E 'N Ps.  No offense to truck drivers of America b/c they keep supplies on our selves but It  reminds me of a truck stop restaurant without the truck drivers. I always seem to migrate to the salad bar and get weirded out for having to deal with the utensils that pick up the salad. So I wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff. The waterfront  E 'N P is perhaps the cleanest one I have been to but that's not saying much b/c the patrons are kinda off. So an extra star for this location. But it's not like I would ever say to my friends in NY, SF, London or wherever..."Hey when you come to Pittsburgh be sure to go to an E 'N P to get the flavor of the city". Obviously this place appeals to a certain class of people of which I guess I can't be a part of as much as I want to be at times.
Just okay. Often crowded on weekends for food that while I'm sure well prepared is not the most flavorful.    This store is literally NEXT DOOR to the headquarters of Eat N Park so it's a safe bet that this is the best one there is.  Strawberry pies being the exception to the rule.    There are better places to eat for the same money.
Being next door to corporate you would have higher expectations.   The breakfast bar is lame. Back home (fayette county) there seems to be a lot more variety such as corn fritters, apple cinnamon "thingies", and little potato cakes to name a few. The salad bar is just as bad, the side dishes they offer are usually ruined with meat which makes no sense to me because the tiny ham cubes and bacon bits are already on the bar so if anyone wanted to add them into their linguini salad or whatever, they could.  The late night patrons are a bit unsavory, speaking of which, my ex roommate used to work here and I could tell you some stories but I don't want to freak you out.
Much like every other Eat 'n Park (3 or 4 stars worth of chain-diner food), except the last five times I've been here, the service has been damn, damn, daaaaaaaamn slow.  It's always fun to see the staff smoking out back while I've waited an hour for some scrambled eggs.
Yes, I know that it's cheap diner food, but c'mon... You have your corporate headquarters within walking distance and this is all you can serve up?   My husband and I were craving a late night snack after seeing a movie a couple weekends ago and decided to try this Eat 'N Park location for the first time. I had always been adequately satisfied at other locations so I thought this restaurant would be worth a try.  I ordered several items - Sweet Potato Fries with Apple Butter Dip, Hot Chocolate, and Pumpkin Creme Pie. I think my husband ordered some sort of burger or sandwich. Anyway, every item was problematic in some way. The fries were good, but the apple butter was oddly thick and sweet. The hot chocolate had "creative" chocolate syrup drizzling, that was running all down the cup and saucer. I had to carefully drink the beverage - which was OK - because I was afraid that I would get the syrup all over my hand, face, and clothes. The pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a 5 year old. It looked like it had been carelessly cut and plopped onto the plate, where it appeared very flat and unappetizing.  However, our waitress was the sweetest, middle-aged woman! Our food took a little time to get to our table (not too bad though) and she comped two of the items (I believe the Hot Chocolate and the pie) from our bill. She was very attentive and kind while we dined there, and I made sure that my husband gave her a good tip. If I remembered her name, I would definitely mention it in this review.  However, despite our kind service, I'm not planning on returning to this location any time soon.
Some how even though the food at this Eat'n Park is down right abominable, the smiles and laughter is always there.  How can I stay mad when the prices or so cheep? Myself my boyfriend and his nephew had lunch with milkshakes and me having a coffee it was $31.00  On this particular occasion the fire alarm went off and rang and rang and rang loud and long for over 15 minutes before the fire department got there realized they didn't have key to turn it off and than another 10 minutes later finally shut it off...only at Eatn' Park.  My baked potato was hard as a rock, I had ordered two pieces of baked cod and only received one.   The waitress was very sweet and attentive and really attempted to build a rapport with our lil nephew which I thought was sweet.
The food is usually pretty good, however the service is almost ALWAYS very VERY slow. Most of the staff are pretty friendly and sweet but there are a few sour ones in the bunch that make the experience not as nice as it could be. Although they still technically do their job, you can FEEL very negative vibes from them and see how inefficient they are with the way they do things. It's a hit and miss. Unless you know one of the servers and their schedules. The low rating is mainly for the slow service and the handful of staff members who aren't very pleasant.
Eat n Park is usually decent.  This location though has HORRIBLY SLOW service.  Seriously, we never wait less than 10 minutes for a server to acknowledge us, and we live near the Waterfront, so we've given this location the benefit of the doubt numerous times.  Each time hoping that the last was just a fluke, new staff, or something.  It's not.  Doesn't matter what time we go.  It seems we are not acknowledged for several minutes, and then the service is mediocre at best.  Occasionally, we've had a stellar service, but it's few and far between.  Today, after waiting 15 minutes, then getting up to find a server in another section, we were informed that we were sitting in a "closed" section.  That server offered to serve us, but honestly, we left.  I told the hostess who seated us about the mixup, and got a blank stare.  I've never had this issue at any other EnP.  We left, drove to the Squirrel Hill location, and our orders were taken in the amount of time we wasted at the Waterfront.  Mgmt- you have a beautiful, prime location.  Get your hosts and servers on the same page!
God i hate eat n park. Only reason i have gone is for the salad bar because u cant find a decent salad bar in this city. Just about every entree iv had here is nothing more than rubbish, except maybe the cheesteak. Only go if u have little kids
Poor service from the door.  I walked in and was ignored.  When I walked in they were more worried about the lack of pies in the case than they were in seating customers.  In fact the person that entered after me was attended to before I was even acknowledged.  I mean, I'm no skinny person by a long shot, but if I'm standing in front of the hostess podium, I expect to be noticed at least.    When I was finally seated things went a little smoother.  That might be because I opted for the salad bar and didn't have to have anyone bring me the items from there.    I really expected better from this location, especially since it is basically next door to the home office.  There was no line or mad rush to get in here, I just baffled.
We had 20 people so we had our own room. The server Janee started off strong setting a tone for our meal that she would be organized and on point.  Unfortunately, that was the high point of this service.  We sat there for 20 minutes without drinks, in fact some meals started coming out and we still didn't have our beverages.  Half the table had Pepsi or Diet Pepsi, the other half had water and two people had dr. pepper.  I'm not sure why they couldn't just get pitchers.....I got the salad bar only, it was ok but it was messy so when you went to add items other items were mixed in which is kind of gross, I thought the chili was overly salty.  The other people we were with didn't have much good to say about their meals, with the exception of the angus burger.  Janee did stop and take a picture of our whole table which was nice and we were there three hours so she did earn her pay, but she set the expectation high that she knew what she was doing and it fell flat pretty fast.  I'm not sure it was all her fault as she didn't seem to have a staff that was working to support her, just catch her up as needed.  I think if you have 20 people at a table 2-3 staff members would make you more successful.  When we went to leave I bought a dozen of the sugar cookies.  The person at the counter didn't know how to ring them up and was quite rude when I asked for her to ring them up, like I was doing her a disservice by asking to purchase the restaurant's products.  That was my first time at Eat'n Park and I think I would prefer to just eat at Denny's next time.
Good cheap food. Horrible service.  Had to wait 15 minutes before our waiter to even acknowledge us.  He then was really rude and never gave us napkins or forks. Our appetizers came out before our drinks. Didn't get any refills.
Since both Marshalls and TJ Maxx are owned by the same company, I make sure to stop by both locations when shopping at the Waterfront. I generally find nothing or spend only $10 or so at Marshalls, while being enticed to spend at least $50-100 at TJ Maxx. The Waterfront TJ Maxx seems to have not only the same product as this Marshalls plus a whole lot more. All that to say, I consider shopping here a waste of time since I could just drive a block or so and be at a store owned by the same company that always has what I want and need. Sorry, Marshalls, but you're just OK to me.
I am bummed about this- I had high hopes. Here's a rundown of the evening:  Pros: - super friendly waitress, Stephanie, who maintained her professionalism and friendliness throughout  - yummy elderflower and pear beverage - lobster bisque was nice and lobster-y - hot delicious bread  Cons: - oysters were sketch. And I don't feel good about that. Stephanie brought us an order of East Coast oysters to replace the West Coast ones that we sent back. - fresh grated horseradish had NO flavor or heat- what's up with that? - scallops were meh- came with weird veggies, unevenly seared, and no real flavor. And at a whopping $25 a plate, I expect some nummers!  I doubt we'll go back- for those prices, I would prefer McCormick's or Ruth's Chris.
Service an atmosphere was great. I had the shrimp boil and it was very under-seasoned. Much closer to bland than anything.
I went here on a recent business trip, and there aren't many decent options in West Homestead, so I decided to splurge on the company's dollar and  ordered take-out.     I was highly disappointed in the service, and I only ordered take out.    Upon going to the bar to announce that I was there for take out, there were 3 other people at the bar.   The bartender had her back to me and it wasn't until a few minutes had passed that another guest told her that she should wait on me.      After announcing the reason for my visit, she checks on my order (not ready yet) and helps other tables.  No offer of water, or a drink.  Another gentleman working the bar asked the bartender if she had offered me a drink, she stated to him my order would be right up.   He then asked if she offered me a water, to which she replied, her order is going to be right up.    He placed a glass of water in front of me.  Then I hear my name and order announced by the kitchen staff.   3 staff members yelled. .  ."it's TAKEOUT"  so back it went into the kitchen to be packed up.  Gentelman bartender asks female bartender if she has rung me up yet (she had not)  After more time had passed (how long does it take to put food into a takeout container?)   it finally is put down in front of me.  She then rings me up.   I don't expect take out to be piping hot, but at this point i wondered if it was even going to be room.  When i go to eat my meal, utensils were not included.  I now had to go find something to eat my lukewarm food with.   VERY DISAPPOINTING experience.   Will not be returning.
The service was mostly friendly but I was disappointed in my meal. My meal was way over cooked. The soda was flat and the carbonation needed changed and I felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new ones.  Overall, I thought it was mediocre and I was expecting more for the prices.
Food was only ok. Had lobster bisque soup not to good. Had the shang Hai Seafood Sampler. The scallops were hard, over cooked. The samon was good. Shrimp had no flavor. I will say the service was the best. Our waiter was great!!
The food was delicious. Excellent seafood, and plenty of things to choose from on the menu. However, the service we experienced was terrible. We sat at our table for 10-15 minutes before anyone even noticed we were there. Keep in mind, we were here late afternoon/early evening so the place was half empty. Once we ordered my draft beer took 10 minutes to come out, then it was wrong. I kept it anyways or else I'd probably still be sitting there waiting for it. Good food, but I won't be in a hurry to go back.
First time in Pittsburgh on biz and staying in the Waterfront District. Nice selection of better than average chain restaurants on the area. Spotted Mitchell's Seafood and since I never heard of ot before, decided to make it my evening dinner choice - in fact, looked forward all day to a nice shellfish dinner ala Bonefish Grill. They have a nice al fresco patio overlooking the River that I wish I say at.  Place was pretty empty at 8 pm on a Monday night, but that's to be expected. I ordered the Seafood Americana which was supposed to have sautéed shrimp and scallops in a light butter sauce. What I got in return was a plate of small shrimp in a brown gravy with NO scallops whatsoever. I immediately returned the dish and the young and nice manager came over to make it right, so I reordered a different steamed shrimp and scallops dish which was much better- 5 larger shrimp and 5 sea scallops over spinach and veggies with a soy sauce on the side - very nice but wish they had drained the ingredients better so they didn't end up on a soupy broth.  Having waited tables in a high end seafood restaurant through graduate school I am tempted to attributing this experience to Monday night, late dinner, inexperienced cooks, and lack of kitchen or server oversight. I hope your experience is better than mine. Too many other good choices nearby to give them a second chance - sorry.  Disappointed.
very disappointing.  i have been a patron of this restaurant/location since it opened.....usually dining there about once a month.  my last few visits were fine, not great, but fine.  today was not.  the restaurant was about half full, i was with one other person.      food---  my friend had a ceasar salad:  the staff didn't know where the anchovies were, therefore none.  it was served at room temperature.  chef's special was penne in a light alfredo sauce with crab and shrimp.  it also was served at room temperature.  i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables.  the scallops, too, were at room temperature and only seared on one side, some not at all.  the manager offered to redo the meals, which we accepted.  she shrugged her shoulders and said she didn't know what else she could do.  the scallops were better the 2nd time, penne was watery, crab was all but invisible.  the garnish had cheese on it the first time, not the 2nd.  penne was mediocre at best.      service--- probably the worst service i've ever had there.  our server seemed overwhelmed, apologized continually to us and every other table she had nearby.  maybe that was part of the reason our meals were not hot the first time.  never did get a refill on iced tea.      ambiance--- the place is starting to look tired.  the tables are showing their age.... the surface hasn't been kept up, the finish has long since worn off in the most used parts.  sorry to see this place go down hill.  have many memories of better times.  may not ever go back.  looking for a new place in the area.
Will not eat here again.  1) Waitress (Angela) could not be found for 10+ minutes at a time. The entire meal was a running commentary on where she was and why we didn't even get water refills until dinner came. She had to be specifically asked three times for water before we got our one and only refill.  2) Spilled mussel butter on my jacket and although she did apologize no manager ever came over to see if we were okay. When I did complain they offered a $25 gift card which didn't even cover the cost of said jacket, thanks but no thanks.  3) When asked specifically if a dessert was served warm the waitress said "yes, of course" but spoiler alert it wasn't. Party involved said it was fine and asked me not to say something.  4) When asked if they had a very specific after dessert drink the waitress replied in the affirmative only to substitute Irish coffee instead. If you are out of something just own up to it, don't try to pull one over on someone.  Long story short - decent if overpriced food, nonexistent management and the worst service I have experienced in a long while. As a server myself I am pretty forgiving but the (non)service ruined a $150 meal and Mitchell's management couldn't care less.
After a long but beautiful day touring Pittsburgh and riding the Duquesne Incline we settled down for a late dinner at Mitchell's fish market. We were seated in a picture perfect spot by the window as requested. Our waiter initially greeted us warmly but the service went south quickly and I trying to wrap my head around - Why?   What was wrong with the service you wondered. Well..... *We had to wait a long time for our drinks  *appetizers ordered but not received. * Requested bread several times waiter was oblivious to the request  * Dinner took for ever it felt like a century later  It was good thing we was on vacation so we had time to waste.  We observed the other waiters and waitress was busy attending to their patrons.  On the plus side the food was divinely delicious!  Salmon, scallops- Super fresh and melted in my mouth.  My husband's dish ordered the Shrimp and Crab Cakes and he hummed  yum to every bite he ate.  Unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand.  If only the head manager who was consistently walking around to various tables talking to patrons would have stop at our table we could have given him the scoop about our lack of service.  On well.
Last night was my first visit to Mitchell's and I was really looking forward to some great seafood.  I am sorry to say I did not get it.  I ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and was disappointed.  There were five very small shrimp on the plate.  The shrimp were dry and overcooked.  The crab stuffing was mostly stuffing.  All I tasted was breading.  I didn't see a piece of lump crab anywhere.  The best part of the meal was the bread and butter.  I was with a party of 12 people and I was surprised to see such small portions on the others plates.  For the prices at this place, I had hoped for so much more.  I will not go back.
I was there yesterday and ate in one of the booths at the bar. I have been there many times but last night was very disappointing the server was bad. I have been a sever for 34 years and still do so for me to complain since I'm in the business must mean something. Granted I understand your busy but so unfriendly and unattrntive . We never got bread and when asked he threw it in table and kept walking never once stopped for one second even check on us or even introduce himself. When I would go to ask a question or for something he was gone before I even got to finish. It was very upsetting to go out with my 82 year old mother and be treated so poorly.  Last time I'll ever sit in bad booths if that's the way the service is there.
I gave two stars only because we didn't actually eat any of the food. This is simply a customer service review. I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt, the food is probably excellent. Sadly, the hostess was so incredibly rude and uninviting, the mood was ruined before we even met the server.   Upon our arrival (party of 2), I asked to see a menu. 20 minutes later we had still not been acknowledged. 4 other groups came came and we're seated as we stood there, looking toward the hostesses expectantly. After quite some time the hostess stared at me, I suppose waiting for me to greet myself. No 'Hello' no 'may I help you?' Finally a curt 'have you been helped?' to which we responded 'no'. The hostess brusquely grabbed two menus, didn't ask whether we were expecting more people, didn't ask whether we wanted a booth or a table (every other patron was offered their preference) and stated FOLLOW ME. She literally threw our menus down on a booth passing by, didn't stop to await us take our seats, didn't introduce or even mention our server or anything. Simply threw our menus down on the table and left, not a word spoken. We didn't remain there long enough to meet our server, which is unfortunate because I was really hoping to have a nice meal there. I will not return.
Awful,  Gave it 2 stars cause the wait staff was nice.   Was there on a Saturday night.  It was warm in there (too uncomfortable to enjoy a meal) and was told by management that air conditioning unit was broken.  Can't you afford to pay extra on a weekend to have someone repair or replace the unit?  Not even a ceiling fan in sight.    Same old menu with few options.  Ordered the tuna medium and came out rare.  They redid it but this time was way overcooked.  Ate it anyway.  Are the chefs so inexperienced that they can't tell when something is rare, medium, or well done?    Anyway, haven't been there in years until now and I remember why I avoided this place.
After further consideration, this store does not deserve a 4 star review. The Old Navy product has been pretty weak recently, which isn't the store's fault, but the severe lack of customer service doesn't help the situation.   While shopping here on Friday, I was one of maybe 3-5 people in the store. I would practically walk into a sales associate but not even receive a glance or smile. No one working here seems to give an iota whether or not product is being sold. To avoid inconveniencing the associates, I will be taking my Old Navy purchases online in the future.
I don't see to many options in Pittsburgh for sporting goods. Dick's seems to be the big chain for sporting paraphernalia in this neck of the woods. Their selection is poor especially in the snowboarding and biking section. Maybe it's good for small children who want their first snowboard? It is a very average store with average products. I would like to see some attempt to carry more high end products. I am not into fishing or hunting live prey so I am not sure about these departments? I guess if you want some Under Armor products then this is the place to go because I see aisles upon endless aisles of these types of products.
I enter every sporting goods stores as a soccer player, runner, and sports fan, so my reviews will always be skewed towards those particular areas. With that said, this is probably the worst Dick's location that I've ever been to. The selection is very limited for soccer gear, which must be a testament to the lack of the local customer base seeking out soccer gear. It's mostly low-end youth gear, too, which makes it nearly useless to adults or even some teenage soccer players.  The staff at this location has always been really nice, though, and it's the closest location to where we live, so I still end up going there quite a bit for running and clothing needs (of course, we usually leave empty-handed as they don't have what we're looking for).   They do have quite an extensive fan gear section if you're looking to support the local Pittsburgh teams, but this store just doesn't have the overall inventory necessary to be considered a "good" Dick's location.
This is an older Dick's Sporting Goods location. Come here for the basics but don't expect to find the huge assortment that you would find at other DSGs throughout the city. I wandered around here for 15 minutes or so one evening and did not have anyone approach me, asking if I needed assistance. I also found a small child in the back of the store playing dangerously on one of the elliptical machines, which is something that both his parents and the store's staff should have addressed. Overall, I'll go here if I need sporting goods basics but would rather drive a little further to a nicer location.
I was unimpressed with this location...not to mention Dick's Sporting Goods in general. Needless to say, I wouldn't have been here if it was not for my husband's need for some new hunting gear. I decided to take a look around at the women's "sale racks"...however, I felt that the prices were still pretty high. Example: $45 for a Penguins hoodie is not a sale. In Dick's defense, I'm super cheap.   I found a table full of running shoes (note: I don't run) and one pair in particular that were very  cute but were still pricey. So I was pretty bummed because I would have bought them if they were, say, thirty bucks cheaper. Not to run, of course, but still nice for riding the elliptical, walking at the park, going to yoga class, or - hey - running....errands.  Anyhow, I headed back to find the H in the fishing / hunting area. We looked around for about 5 minutes and the guy behind the counter never asked if we needed help. Also, there were a few employees running about, and none of them ever said hello or asked if we needed assistance. Not surprisingly, we left without purchasing anything.
Staff in the deli is hit or miss, you either get the girl who is nice and friendly or the one that hacks and coughs and roll their eyes at you when you order more than one item.   The cashiers talk to one another and don't really pay attention to you and sometimes you have to watch them as they will ring up an item twice, have had that happen many times.   Some sale prices are pretty good - deli prices are a bit high - ready made food prices a bit high for the quality you get.     Convenient bank hours though til 7 pm.  Also very good at keeping their sale items well stocked.
The store overall is the same to most other basic giant eagles. Fine enough selection fair prices and they carry schneiders tea. I gave this two stars because time and again I go here after work to grab something quick to make at home. I had the unpleasant experience of having Janice as the worker at the deli counter. Not only did she not look like she did not want to be there but the only words that came out of her mouth was. Anything else? No hi, no thank you, no have a nice day. I even initiated the conversation and closed it by saying most of those. Im a big customer service person and it honestly disgusts me that someone who is older than myself can treat customers so badly. There was a another girl in the deli who was nice as can be and the cashier was very nice. I have come here often but this was my last time, i will be giving my business to another giant eagle or aldis closer to home.  The multiple rude employee experiences i have had here far outweighs the good ones.
When I think BBB... I think the days of simply bringing your bike in for a quick and relatively inexpensive tune-up and a few fixes are long gone.      This review is more for the repair end of BBB. In their defense BBB does appear to carry some amazing brands of bike (ie Colnago) that you just don't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh.   At BBB I was charged $250 for a tune up and a few other things. Granted this included installing a sew up tire (which I can understand would cost approx $50), Swapping out a left side (big ring) shifter on my down tube (this should have cost approx. $20 at most) and installing new bar tape (cost of tape $20 and $20 to install?).. SO WHAT"S WITH $140 FOR A TUNE UP? Well the story goes like this:  I bring the bike into BBB prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 5900 ready for the season. Turns out I don't hear from these guys. A week goes by ...two weeks...I think that's ok I have two or three other bike I can turn to for a ride. Then I wind up going out of town for a week thinking for sure I'll get a call from them re: my bike is ready to roll...but no dice. So I call. Turns out a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out (is that my fault?). He says "Should be ready in a few days". So I come in a few days later to this mammoth bill. I ask if I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw? I don't think I ever got a straight answer? I look at the bill and can't see a good breakdown of the charges. Normally I would "duke it over" a bill like this but I figured...I had somewhere I to be 10 minutes ago and at least I finally have my bike. I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over (overhauled). But it wasn't.  Well BBB I'll give you a star because the mechanic did do a good job in that my cycle shifts well and the tape job on the bars looks great (nice wrap). Plus I'll toss in a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe I would have rated BBB higher if I was in the market for a purchase instead of a simple repair?
Bought a bike there on my second time in the shop.   Glen is very knowledgeable but can be a bit overwhelming, annoying and pushy, I can see how he can be very helpful to the average Joe, but if you are in his shop you should have done your homework, as this place is not walmart, mid to high level product here. I would encourage getting fitted and even buying a bike there, but going back for service is a whole different story.  Same day service is unheard of here, even for the simplest of adjustments, no service is available at all on the weekends.  the first time I took a bike there to have a rear derailer hanger replaced and re-adjusted (I had already purchased and had the hanger) 11 days went by before I returned to pick my bike up after not being called.  I figured it was just a fluke experience and gave them the benefit of the doubt.  The second time. I took a bike in to have a damaged shift lever replaced with a new 7800 pair. I called after 9 days and they said it wold be 2 days more.  when I showed up 2 days later it still wasn't done, it took 2 more following that, 13 days total.  Stay away from their service department
Okay so I just moved to the outskirts of Duquesne, PA which is outside of Pittsburgh from Harrisburg, PA of all places. Where I am at, really there is no delivery but these guys did. They were nice and cordial and cheap but I have been spoiled by the pizza shop in Harrisburg, Downtown, run my an old world Italian guy named Luigi. That pizza is/was MILES better than this. This crust, while thin, did not have flavor and was hard. The slices were small for their 8 slice which I did like. The cheese was good. The sauce was meh. I've definitely had way better. 2 stars for being cheap and delivering.
Pizza is very hit or miss. When the owners are there, it's really good. When they aren't, you get pizza that is over cooked (more like burnt) and LONG delivery times. The pizza, even when plain, is very greasy. Way more than other places around. Usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese. Also they do not take credit or debit cards. There are better options.
Good food, but really spotty service. Out of three trips, one was excellent, one involved us waiting for forty minutes for our (cold) food, and one involved us waiting for fifteen minutes to even see a server before we just left money for a coffee. So it's not a bad place, but definitely stick to the drive thru.
I've only eaten here once and that's enough.   The atmosphere is cozy, the wait staff friendly and fast and the prices were reasonable.  Unfortunately the food wasn't very good. I was served over cooked eggs with raw bacon and the biscuits were stale.  I don't know if there was an inexperinced cook or just bad luck, but bad food is bad food.
It wasn't a busy night at the neighborhood, but you could have been fooled by how long the food took.  While it did take a while everyone was extremely friendly.  The food did come out hot, at least mine did, the rest of the plates were plate-warmer hot.  Everyone in the table resented me for "holding back" the table since they staff pointed out they were waiting on my burger.  Which hey works as a segway onto the burger.  Quesadilla Burger.  I knew that was a mistake but I did it anyways.  The patty was sorta flavorful.  The toppings were in the bland category.  Cheese went MIA.  And the tortilla were over-toasted and tasteless.  A big blah overall, which is sad, since we've had a grand ole time and good food in past visits.
Giant Eagle is one of Pittsburgh's more expensive grocery chains. I only shop here because it is convenient to where I live. Often times when I'm shopping for produce I find fruit that is overripe and sometimes find mold in them.  The one I shop has a small Market District area and is easy to get around. They have a rewards program which is called an Advantage card where for every $50.00 spent you get $.10 off your purchase at their gas station called Getgo You can accrue rewards but they expire after 2 months of non use.  They have a floral section and is one of the few places I can find graveside flower arrangements for memorials.  Still expect to pay more if you shop here. Selection at this particular location is average.
Called for an arrangement for pickup, told the person who took my order that I would be able to pick the arrangement up at 5:30pm.  She asked if I could get there any earlier, I said I would try my best, but I work until 5pm, so maybe not.  She said ok.    Comes to be 5pm and I get a call from a guy at the shop asking where I was!  The lady who took my order wrote down that I'd be there at 5pm.  I explained that I never said that and picked the arrangement up a little before 5:30pm.    Arrangement was just OK.  I specifically wanted a lot of orange flowers, which they did, but they added strange colors with the orange... and some of the flowers were already a little wilted.    Even though the location is convenient, I will probably go elsewhere for a flower order next time.
The order process went well and the delivery arrived in a timely manner. I saw a picture of the flowers my friend received and the arrangement  wasn't even close to what was pictured on the website...a lot more filler flowers despite ordering the premium arrangement. I picked this place specifically because of what they offered despite other cheaper places in the area. I am disappointed because I wanted the best arrangement possible for my friend who is going through a tough time.   I will not order from this place again.
Meh. I've ordered from here twice and not really been enthusiastic about the results either time. Keep in mind that I haven't had pizza from this place yet!  Their steak hoagie is middling-good; nothing to write home about, but a pretty good example of the standard Pittsburgh pizza place steak hoagie.  The seafood calzone is another story. Something in it was so bitter I couldn't quite eat it; I'm wondering if it was the garlic or perhaps a leftover burnt taste from the oven. Whatever it was, it was gross. The shrimp weren't that good either, suffering as they did from that certain "I taste like iodine" flavor.  The advantage to R&B is that they're open reasonably late, given the location, but the phone service is rather surly and it always takes them an hour plus to deliver. Which would be OK if I didn't live a block away (normally I'd just walk and pick it up, but just for you, Yelpers, I subject myself to the vagaries of sitting on my rear end on the couch waiting for my food to arrive).
I stopped by here this past Tuesday in order to pick up a to go pizza.  My fiance, a friend and I were trying pizza from three different places and Luigi's was one of them.  I have driven by Luigi's many times before and for some reason had never stopped in but that did allow it to come to mind whenever I was looking for a pizza place I had not yet tried in the Bellevue area.  Whenever I called to place my order I was told that my pizza would be ready in about 15 minutes.  I arrived closer to 30 minutes later and was immediately confused whenever I walked into the restaurant.  You see there was a large dining room on the left that was full of people and I didn't immediately see the are where I would get my pizza from.  Finally after a few steps into the restaurant I noticed that the whole back area of the restaurant was where I needed to be and I made my way back there.  My pizza was ready for me and I quickly paid and was leaving whenever the cashier told me "Stay out of trouble".  I really hope that was a friendly sentiment and not one that was based upon my appearance or anything else.  The pizza itself had a medium thick crust with a bland sauce which is weird since I could see a ton of green herbs in it.  The cheese was just ok and nothing special while the pizza itself had a slightly sour taste to it which I did not enjoy.  Out of the three different pizzas we ate that night this one was overwhelmingly our least favorite which was evidenced by the fact that 3/4 of it was left after the evening.  The bottom line for me is that I will probably not head back to Luigi's in the future.  I just don't see myself making a trip to Luigi's between the weird experience (although not bad) that I had in the restaurant and the fact that there are much better pizza places nearby.
The pizza was ok. It is been the best my husband and I have had in this area. They seem to be the most "authentic" compared to other pizza delivery shops in this area.
For what it is and where it is. Not bad at all. Good wonton. And the spicy is actually spicy. I would go back again
The shrimp fried rice was orange and only had some onion pieces in it and some carrots and peas that were burnt in it.  There were no eggs or sprouts or anything I would expect in fried rice and there was a random piece of pork in it so I threw it out.  My shrimp egg roll was good though.  It had large deveined shrimp and I was happy about that.  That's why I gave it two stars instead of one.
My Mom was up from Mississippi for Thanksgiving, and claimed to be in dire need of a manicure. I wanted to try somewhere in my new 'hood (Brighton Heights), so I turned to trusty Yelp for advice. Off to Star Nails we went. The inside was bright and tidy, the pedicure stations looked clean and newer, and the ladies were friendly. Unfortunately, the good feelings didn't last long. We each picked a color, and went to our respective technicians. The technician doing my nails as very nice and talkative, but just very inattentive to detail. I got no hand/arm massage, minimal shaping, and the polish application was exceptionally sloppy and thick. Her attempts to clean up the polish all over my cuticles were futile. Their actual technique was strange too, as both technicians had us dry our nails after the first coat was applied. My Mom and I left and almost in unison declared it to be the worst manicure we've gotten. At least the price wasn't exorbitant ($13 + tip each). Perhaps their other services are better, but I'll be giving the other nail shops in the area a chance next time.
So, I had my nails done on Thurs and Sat afternoon my index finger chipped. I've been off work and not doing anything strenuous. I am very disappointed with my experience and I don't think I'll be returning.
As with all of the fast food restaurants in this area of Ohio River Blvd., this place is dumpy and dirty.  The staff is also poorly supervised ,and I've been privvy to more store gossip, drama, and horseplay than I've ever experienced in any restaurant, fast food or otherwise.  They get so loud back in the kitchen that we will often stop our conversation in the dinning room to wait for them to quiet down a bit before we continue.  The food itself is generally passable.
We stopped through the drive -thru last night after helping my sister move. It was midnight and thankfully something was open. I ordered nuggets fries and a frosty. My sister ordered the same and Bobby ordered two Jr. Bacon cheeseburgers. Well only one burger was in the bag (we found out halfway Down the road) Bobby said the other burger was dry and they forgot the mayo, & my sisters fries had no salt on them lso she says.. Mine were fine but I kept that to myself to avoid her eating some of mine. Typical older sibling.)  Anyways I don't normally review fast food that I've had bad experience at bc it happens often, but totally forgetting a burger is not cool..
Beware!!! I decided to come here based on all the positive reviews.  I called before coming in to confirm that they had my size tire in stock and asked if they would put 2 new tires on my subaru (AWD) and rotate the old ones.  They were very nice over the phone and told me this would not be a problem.  When I pulled up to the store however, they immediately refused to sell me two tires saying that they cannot do that on a Subaru and instead attempted to upsell me four new tires.  Classic bait and switch.  STAY AWAY!!!  Edit: To their credit, Jason did reach out to me to apologize and attempt to explain the company policy (which shows me that they care).  Also, as I did not have any work done here I cannot comment in any way on the quality of the work, and they did appear to have cheap prices.
Everytime I eat at this location I end up with a sick stomach.  I don't have that problem at other Arby's.  The dining area is clean and everything else seems ok but I always get a sick stomach.  Maybe they should relook at their food prep.
My beef was so raw that I had to put it in the microwave for two minutes. It was even slightly cold before I reheated it. The manager says they cook it medium rare, and I explained it was so rare it ate the lettuce off of the sandwich!   Neither the brown sugar bacon and beef nor the BLT had much bacon. (How do I post pictures?) For a sandwich advertised to have delicious bacon, this fell WAY short. The little bit of bacon it did have was burnt. Really Arby's? I told the manager I have no idea how they thought sending out a sandwich like that was acceptable.  Overall, this made a horrible day worse. I was celebrating my two oldest girls' graduation from high school, and what was supposed to be a very nice dinner was a disaster. We went to Arby's as a back up so I had at least a little something to eat. That was equally disastrous. At least the fries were okay, albeit a little soft and mushy for some reason.   Based on this experience, I would not go back. Based on this experience, I would most definitely not recommend this to others.
So I came to this Red White and Blue with high hopes of thrift store mecca, and I will get to how I left empty handed and in tears.  First, I'll walk you through my experience.   This place is pretty large, and relatively clean, with a nice parking lot.  The racks are packed with clothes - and I mean, hard to move the hangers because there is so much stock, which can be a pro or a con depending on how you like it.  I found it a bit cumbersome since although the clothes are organized by type (dress vs. blouse) there is NO size separation.  In a place this huge, it takes quite a long time to find what you're looking for without the size separation.  But, I'm not one to abandon a bargain because I don't want to look around (after all, that is what its all about), so I gave a good 30 min-45 and got a handful of garments to try on.  (I would typically spend a few hours, but I was trying to spare a friend not as keen on secondhand garments).  With my carefully extracted finds I searched in vain for a fitting room, never to find one.  After asking the staff where it was, I had to take a seat and leave my jaw dropped for a while because THERE IS NO FITTING ROOM!  I couldn't take this fact into my brain, and although there were some household items I wanted to go back and buy, I was too upset to continue.  (Sidenote: yes, I can understand how this can work for the RWB, but imho it is unforgivable, and I wish there was at least some warning before spending my time searching for a bargain when I couldn't even see if it would fit).   I would recommend this store if you are looking for something specific secondhand especially for dishes, or older electronics, or even beauty products.  There was even a used Nikon SLR with a wide angle lens ($200 though)!   But if you plan on buying a sundress, and don't plan on stripping down in front of your fellow thrifties, you'd better be confident in your purchase.  RWB is just like any other thrift store, and you can't return or exchange your items, so you'd be out of luck and out of money.
The home-cooked breakfasts at The Rusty Nail in Bellevue are wonderful, prices are reasonable, the wait staff are gems, and is often bragged about by Bellevue locals.  That said, two stars is all I can muster primarily due to the tiny, cramped dining area.  I've witness people at three tables being disrupted while they are eating so departing diners would have enough room to push their chair away from the table and pass by others just to leave.  Don't get me wrong, I adore that Pittsburgh is a small, friendly city, but I'm not fond of getting elbowed in the back as the guy behind me cuts his breakfast steak and eggs, nor knowing his guest gargled with Cool Mint Listerine this morning (or worse, didn't) .  Yes, the tables are packed THAT close together.  And whatever you do, don't dare bring a large friend here to dine when it's busy unless you enjoy feeling like a complete 'jag off' for doing so on the way out.
I really wanted to like the Rusty Nail.  I love little local restaurants like this.  But it really is a very tight squeeze, to begin with.  They really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room.  We were right on top of another table with two very loud young children, and there was just no buffer.  And the food was.... just so bland!  I get that it was supposed to be homestyle cooking, but it just had no flavor.  To be fair, we did go for dinner, and I understand that this place is more of a breakfast joint, so I would be willing to try it again sometime for breakfast.  For dinner though, unless you like super-bland food, I probably wouldn't return for seconds.
Given that the Rusty Nail has been highly recommended to me as a good breakfast spot by various sources, I'm sad to say I was sorely disappointed.   They have a wide selection of breakfast options.  However, even with numerous breakfast specials listed, not one included eggs, meat, potatoes AND toast.  Yes, that's right.  I had to order the eggs, bacon and toast special with a side of the potatoes.  When my food was served, the portions were average except for the side order of potatoes.  I did greatly enjoy the potatoes, though, which I ordered deep fried.  My dining companion ordered the French toast with ham and enjoyed it very much.    We were here on a weekday morning so we didn't have to worry about it being crowded.  The service was good.  And it's not that I thought anything was bad, it's just that, as the two star rating says, "Meh, I've experienced better."  Given the plethora of choices in Bellevue, this will not be my first stop should I find myself on Lincoln Avenue for breakfast again.
I always see this place, and Saturday we decided to stop in for lunch. The atmosphere was pleasant. My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich, which he loved. I however, ordered the steak and cheese pita and was extremely disappointed. The pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible. It was very steak-um like and saturated with grease. When I picked up the sandwich grease poured from it. I'm not one to send back food, and that's my fault, but the waitress came by once as I was eating, over heard me upset about my food, looked at me then continued on her way. Needless to say I don't think I will be returning.
First time here and I wasnt impressed at all!  I should have gone to the dairy queen :-(
Not a fan. I've been here twice in the past six months and both times the person working was rude and unfriendly. It might have been the same worker both times. Tonight, we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer. The guy looked at us for a second then continued doing whatever he was doing behind the glass. I'm not sure what. We were not acknowledged at all and we waited some more. We finally had to ask if we could pay for our beer. He looked up from what he was doing and said "Ummm, yeahhh" then finally came over, no apology, no greeting. As soon as we paid he slid the glass door closed again. No "thank you" or "have a good day". There were still two hours before they closed, so it's not like we came when they were trying to close. We left wondering what just happened. It was a weird experience. I'll continue to look for a different distributor, which sucks because it's so close to me, but I'd rather spend my money somewhere else. I gave it two stars instead of one because they do have a good selection of cases of beer if you want more than just a six-pack.
I made it back here about two weeks ago.  I must say the experience was night and day compared to the one at the end of July.  Whether or not it was an off night I do not know, but the place was loud and crowded, the service was bad, and the food was mediocre at best.  I should have just waited it out at Point Brugge.  I won't becoming back anytime soon.
I often have lunch at the nearby Point Brugge Cafe, but I decided to give Pino's a try today for a change of pace.  Bad idea.  My lady friend and I started with a pair of appetizers: greens & beans and "Italian frites."  The latter, which the menu described as "fresh cut, twice cooked, fresh herbs & roasted garlic," were basically just regular-ass french fries - decent, but nowhere near worth their $6 price tag.  The greens and beans were even more of a rip-off: 8 FREAKIN' DOLLARS for a smallish bowl of rather flavorless produce.  Talk about a profit margin!  As a main course we shared a flatbread with goat cheese, caramelized onions, and roasted red pepper.  It was pretty good, but my enjoyment was diminished by the FM radio that was blaring through the loudspeakers.  Who wants to hear car commercials while eating a meal at a "nice" restaurant?  Classless.  Conclusion: I'd rather wait 45 minutes for a table at Point Brugge than be seated immediately at Pino's.
Pino's appears to fashion itself something of a nouveau-Italian, smart casual neighborhood restaurant, and it's literally just that. Translation: the menu is uninspired and predictable. A relatively encompassing selection of appetizers and entrees revealed not quite a soul-crushing, but certainly a lackadaisical attitude toward ingredients, recipes and presentation, though the service was refreshingly excellent. Unfortunately, the only other reason you'd be dining in Point Breeze would be to enjoy the amazing Point Brugge Cafe just down the street. As a previous reviewer mentioned, I stopped in simply because the Brugge was full, but I unfortunately won't be making that mistake again.
I grew up just the street from Pino's and my family were probably its most regular customers -- we got take-out at least once or twice a week for many many years, and always enjoyed the pizza and hot subs. I've just been back for the first time in 6 years after moving away, and was pretty unimpressed... The decor looks nice, but the food was wayyyyy overpriced for what it was. $22 dollars for a plate of pasta, really? It claimed to be "fresh pasta," but it was completely tough and chewy (not "al dente," just undercooked), and not very large. I'm not sure when the restaurant changed, but I think it really missed the mark... People WANT a casual, friendly, affordable neighborhood place that they can bring the kids to. Why take that away?
Went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition.   We were one of two tables there and a bunch of staff showing up during the meal.   Our waitress was good, but that couldn't save the food.  The meal started out with some what I guess used to be foccacia.  I say used to be because it no longer represented anything other than long pieces of brick or bark very stale and tasteless.  We ordered the vegetable board which was probably the best thing we ordered with light and bright vegetables perfectly cooked and paired with two delicious sauces.   Then we ordered the octopus which was fine, but very cold and the octopus had little to no flavor, being overwhelmed by the citrus in the dish.   The tuscan wings were ok, but they were really ordered for my husband who seemed to enjoy them.   Finally the diver scallops.  This dish was indeible.  The scallops were very overcooked and the pea puree was so minty I was unable to eat it. We sent it back and they did take off half of the price (weren't expecting anything just didn't want to eat it).   After that we decided against dessert and left.  I probably will not return.
My husband and I celebrated our one year wedding anniversary this past weekend and since we recently have moved into a new area of town, we made reservations here because word on the street was that it was good. Verdict? It was so-so. We had reservations at 7:15 and were seated promptly, which was fine, except we were seated OUTSIDE! Listen folks, it's COLD when the sun goes down. They have three tables set outside, I guess trying to squeeze out some more business. Our server was nice, but not attentive at all.  We were left waiting for things for 10-20 minutes at a time. Also, because we were sitting on the sidewalk, people and animals and cars kept sweeping by us. It took the waiter three tries to get our meal order because he had to keep stepping out of the way of people walking down the street. Wine was good. Food was ehhhhhh. We had the mussel and clam appetizer and when it came out, about 1/2 of the order was not edible and all the innards had fallen into the sauce, which by the way smelled like stinky cheese. My dinner and my husbands dinner was good, no real complaints there. Espresso and a S'more cupcake for dessert and I grand total of $134 later before tip? Definitely not worth it at all.  The best part of the night? Leaving. The worst part of the night? Associating this place with my anniversary.
Nice atmosphere with above average food. This restaurant has a lot of potential. The wait staff was far below average: They were slow, and we had to ask multiple times for things. They were not the most polite wait staff, and our waitress was either a little demeaning or very socially awkward.
We were huge fans of Pinos a few years back before the wine bar concept was adopted. In all honesty, we haven't been back for a year though we kept saying " we have to get to Pinos!" Needless to say, we were disappointed.  The place has changed and not for the better.  It seems in an effort to create a quaint wine bar, Pinos lost sight of the original draw and that was the food.  The menu has been scaled back considerably.  Though the food was adequate, it's not the same.  I came here because the food was amazing and with that no longer being the case, I doubt we will return.  Hopefully, things will change back to how they were.  Customer advice for what it's worth.  Refocus on great italian food not a wine bar concept.   Sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment!!!
This Giant Eagle truly is giant!  And believe me, that's about all it has going for it!  You would think that this means you can find what you want, and generally you can, but it also means enormous crowds, no matter when you shop here.  You know that a trip to a large, "one size fits all" chain grocery store like this is not quite the same as shopping at Macy's or Boscov's.  You know that it's pretty hard to give a place like this five stars.  Its purpose is purely utilitarian.  But good gravy, you'd think that a place like this could handle large crowds.  It shouldn't take you a half-hour just to get one item.    That's what happened to me yesterday.  I would have been better off going to Cogo's or 7-11.  I might have paid a bit more, but I would have been in-and-out in under five minutes.  I prefer the Giant Eagle in Squirrel Hill.
I have to agree that this is one of the poor examples that Giant Eagle has.  Granted, it has the basics you need, and is 1 of the biggest in the city itself.  Finding things takes work.  My big gripe is that it has one of the weirdest and most illogical layouts that I've seen.  It actually takes time to find what you need as compared to most stores where once you are in there a few times, you easily find everything.  Parts of this store are diagonal and that causes you to go in every direction possible.  Here is a quick summary of the setup as it can be classified as a maze:  1.) When you enter the store through the slow wide door, you go to the left and walk past the front registers to produce.  Normal enough.  2.) From produce in front of you (a quasi L-shaped department), you take a quick left and go diagonally to the right to walk past the pharmacy.  Take a hard right down aisle 1 and then you hit the bakery.     3.)  From the bakery, you walk along a long meat wall.  Diagonally to the left, you'll find the service meat/seafood counters. And because how the wall goes diagonal to the left, the sign for Aisle 9 is facing diagonally to the right so you don't miss it because the 1 side is longer towards the back than the other. (Aisles 9-14 are almost twice as long as 1-8).  4.) From meat, you have frozen straight back on a long back wall in its own cove.  A hard right (if you bypass frozen) brings you last to hot foods, the deli, and then facing in front of you, the Customer Service desk which is tucked away in a corner (not really visible when you walk in the store).  5.) Once you pass the deli and customer service, take a hard right, then to the left (almost a U-turn) to the checkouts, and then you take a hard left to leave.  Most of the other Giant Eagle stores are much more logical in how their aisles and deparment locations are set up.   You're not going every which way to try and find things.  Also, the service isn't that great as one of the other reviews said.  Given that, I would take Market District on Centre Ave or GE on Murray Ave over this store.  However, for those who remember the Giant Eagle on Centre Ave at N. Craig St, nothing beats how BAD that store was.  There is a reason that store was nicknamed "the dirty bird."  Compared to that North Oakland store that closed several years ago, Shakespeare St GE is light years ahead.
I cannot in my life understand why this Giant Eagle, of all the Giant Eagles, would get a five star rating.  From the moment you walk into here it's like someone has hit you on the head very hard and you walk around in a confused state the rest of the time you're in there.  The set up is ridiculous.  I mean, who wants to walk around in the freezer section and then go through a smaller than usual end of the aisle to see, SURPRISE, the meat section hidden off in an area where they could have knocked down the wall so you didn't have to do a little dance to get to it.  Aisles seem extra long in this store, you can tell that they worked with the space they had.  It's like when you are half way through the aisle and realize it's too late to turn around because it's the same distance to the end as it was to the beginning of the aisle, but you kind of just want to give up and sit on the floor because you feel like you've been walking forever.    Honestly, I only went here because I was at Target and didn't want to venture any further to complete my shopping.
I prefer this store to the Market District on Centre. It's just as overpriced and poorly laid out and maybe a bit grimy, but carries less products to sift through when you just need to grab some simple things, hopefully not produce. Parking is easy and you can hit up the unpretentious Wine and Spirits in the same stop. I think this plaza still exists to prevent impoverished people from venturing into the other newer fancier stores which are a mere half mile away and designed to appeal to people who think they are cultured and discerning.
I agree with other reviews, this store is poorly laid out and honestly makes no sense. Sometimes bigger is not always better. I used to head here often while living near Shadyside to stop at the Family Dollar & hit GE in one run.   I normally only stopped here for a Redbox movie. My debit card got hacked at an outdoor Redbox at a Get Go so I'll only go to a Redbox that is indoor like this one.   Anyways, I'd hit up the liquor store for some wine afterwards for dealing with long lines/wait & awkward clientele outside.
Ugh. Dirty. Long lines. Walked out without making purchase .
As a petite, young, white female, I'm fearful to go here alone. I choose this giant eagle (most of the time) over the big Market District one on Center avenue because it's easier to find a place to park, and you can run in and grab what you need quickly. However, I feel like I walk around with my purse clutched tightly to my side and have to watch my back. The clientele that hang out/shop here is not the greatest. There is a police officer that sits at the front of the building, which is good, that makes me feel a bit better. Most cashiers are friendly and nice. Some are very slow. The shift supervisor that hangs out around the cash registers is extremely unfriendly and often shows little disregard for her job, her employees, and customers. More than once she has yelled at me to "move faster" when using the self checkout, and when my self checkout lane has needed the assistance of an employee because it wasn't working, she makes sure you know you've bothered her from what she was doing. I can't wait to return to this Giant Eagle so I can get her name and post it on my Yelp review. Hopefully someone will get her some customer service training or etiquette classes.
Food: There are countless options to choose from for vegetarians or carnivores, but the food is only so-so.  We've ordered takeout numerous times due to proximity, and nothing has been bad, but nothing has been special.  The general Tso's tofu and the Moo Shu vegetables are the best things we've ordered.  The eggplant was soggy and not great.  The portions are large.  Nothing is particularly spicy even if it is mentioned as being spicy on the menu.  Price: Tasty is cheap.    Drinks: N/A  Atmosphere: Typical Chinese takeout place.  A photo of every single meal they offer is on the wall.  Located in the plaza next to Pizza Parma.  Decent location for that end of Shadyside.  Service: The employees speak poor English but can usually understand what you are askingt/telling them.  The food is usually ready for takeout within 10-15 minutes.  (+): many options, cheap, ready quickly  (-): food is nothing to write home about  Would I go back again? If I'm feeling too lazy/broke to go anywhere else.
This place features everything you can expect from a standard hole-in-a-wall Chinese restaurant. There's zero ambiance, offers quick take-out and the service is rude. I decided to give Tasty a try because it's conveniently located on Highland Avenue and has easy parking.  I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and Crab Rangoon. Sadly, they prepared Kung Pao Beef instead. It's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food. It's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order. While it wasn't what I ordered, the food was good...but there is better Chinese food out there.
Not Tasty At All.
I had heard lots of good things about Vento's. Unfortunately I did not get to experience these things. The service was slow and lukewarm. The pizza was expensive and not the same price in the restaurant as advertised on the website http://www.ventospizza.com/. Also, no credit or debit cards here.  You're directed to the ATM in the restaurant that charges a fee of $1.75.   I ordered ahead and although I had to wait for my pizza when I got there I received it cold and it just was not that good.  I also ordered provolone sticks which also did not taste good.
This was one of the worst dinners out I've had in recent memory. On the other hand, I wasn't expecting much, so I guess the place lived up to my expectations. I've been trying to think of a good way to describe their food, and the best I can come up with is as follows. Imagine a cafeteria pasta dinner you might have been served as a child away at summer camp, and you'll have a pretty good idea. In other words, the food is perfectly edible here, but boring, and nothing you would want to actually pay for. There was nothing disgusting about it, it was just extremely uninspiring. To be fair, I only tried the pasta, bread, salad, soup, and calamari, so maybe they have amazing pizza here... It's possible, although unlikely based on what I've seen.  On the upside, the service was friendly enough, and there were plenty of empty tables at prime dinner time! If you're hungry, you'll definitely be full when you leave.
I went to this place because I had a LivingSocial voucher. Even with this voucher I feel like I paid too much money. I think I could have had better food if I went over to the Giant Eagle across the street and heated up a Lean Cuisine. I do have to wonder why the owners would put out the living social deal when what really would help business at the restaurant would be simply to improve the quality of the food. The only positives I can give are that it isn't pretentious and the waiter provided very good service. It was almost empty for a Monday at 7 PM, so if you are desperately starving, not able to go to better restaurants nearby or heat up food from your local grocer's freezer, this might be a tolerable food option.  Again, it is advisable to be desperately starving.
Just like with the Get-Go down the road, the Shell on Baum is almost just as difficult to get in and out of- particularly in high traffic. And while the Get-Go has a great selection of food and beverages and even a Redbox, the Shell doesn't compete on any level (and the price of gas is higher). My advice is to only go here in case of an emergency (which was my case, because I was 2 miles to empty).
It's clear that this business just does not have pride about where they are who they are. They are here to make money. It's frustrating because they also don't particularly need to work hard. There are not a lot of other gas stations in the area particularly ones that have car washes. I come here to fill up for the week and by getting a car wash I save money on my gas. They have me here for the savings.   The guy behind the counter claimed he wasn't hungover he just had too much benadryl. It's clear they have the perfect people to work at a gas station. Perhaps he shouldn't be here during the Saturday morning rush however.
I took my car to Mike's auto body as it's recommended by Geico and is part of their easy claims and repair process.  This was a big mistake.  Like many of the reviewers here, I was initially told it would take a certain amount of time, and then, at the last minute, on the day I was supposed to get my car back, they told me it would be a few more days.  Their excuse?  The headlamp that came in didn't have a bulb with it.  Seriously?  Since this was the Geico rep telling me this I couldn't really argue, but I don't know why Geico keeps working with a business that repeatedly does this to its customers.  I got the car back in great condition, cleaned on the outside, and the console wiped down inside.  All in all, just alright - go here if you're not pressed for time and you've got Geico, otherwise shop around.
Our cat recently came down with some health issues that we could not afford to address. He was in pain and we decided the humane thing was to put him to sleep. We went to the ARL and asked the receptionist there if we had any other options available to us. "Well basically the only thing you can do is sign him over for euthanasia" she said in the most uncaring, apathetic voice possible. We were heartbroken of course. "Go wait by that door and someone will meet you." After a few minutes another woman came out and took the carrier. "I'll bring your carrier back out in a minute." We said no, that's okay, keep the carrier. She said okay and took our cat to the back. And that was it. No kind words, no sympathetic gestures, no "Would you like a moment before I take him?" No "I'm sorry." Nothing. For us this was one of the worst days of our lives but nobody at the ARL seemed to care, or at least have been trained to pretend to care, one bit.   They get a couple stars for offering a necessary service. But other than that, this place will only be associated with making a terrible day that much worse with their lack of caring or empathy.
I'm conflicted as to how to proceed with this review.  I think this place is a necessity for the city, and their open-door policy ensures no one will be turned away, saving thousands of animals, but their staff members are some of the most unprofessional and RUDE people I've ever met. When they say that no animal will be euthanized unless it has a health or behavior issue, believe that 'behavior' is a very broad term.  In their own words,  "Any animal that doesn't tolerate, and also welcome, handling by strangers will be euthanized".  I found this out when I fostered 5 kittens, and all of the 7 week old kittens were to be put down because they were 'fussy'.  What the hell kitten isn't fussy?!!!! They're curious little guys that want down to explore!   When I took the kittens in to offer up for adoption, the exam room was right next to a room full of barking and howling dogs.  There was a girl back there howling at the top of her lungs and laughing, I guess she thought it was funny that the dogs were so terrified and distressed?  The tech handled the kittens (that were terrified because of all the noise) very roughly, and shoved them back into the crate, injuring one of them.  When one of the kittens tried to stop herself from being shoved in the crate, it scratched her, and she became very angry, telling me they would all be euthanized for acting this way!  Luckily, the volunteers must have handled them and helped to calm them, because they were able to offer 2 them up for adoption.  If it wasn't for the volunteers, that place would be a hellhole for all those poor babies. . When I took one of the kittens that I ended up adopting (to save them from certain death) to be spayed, the extremely rude tech handed her to me in a box to take home.  After an hour and a half drive home, I opened the box to find my kitten wrapped so tightly in a towel she couldn't move, and she had another towel around her face so tight she couldn't breathe!  I was never so angry in my life!  I don't care how rude you are to me, but do not take it out on the animals!  The poor baby probably hissed or scratched at the tech, so the tech decided to protect herself from the vicious 2 pound kitten by immobilizing her.    I am now fostering 2 kittens from them that are very sick.  They told me they do better getting well in a home,  Well no doubt, when I got them home, they were FILTHY,  with feces all over their backside, and they weigh less than they did 2 weeks ago when I took them there.  when I asked the 'vet tech' what kind of food they fed them, she said, 'Oh it doesn't matter'.  It most definitely does matter!  Suddenly changing an animals food causes gastic distress, vomiting and diarrhea.  Even the cheapest bag of pet food will tell you that.  That's probably how they got so sick!  I'm actually afraid to complain to anyone until the cats I fostered are adopted, I'm terrified they will hurt the kittens!  I hate to say, "Don't go here, don't take your animals here", because then only the animals suffer!  But if you have a bad experience, get names, and write the managers and CEO, and let them know specifics.  Hopefully getting the wrong people out of there.  Starting with the African American receptionist.   I'm sure this review will end up with the "Not recommended" reviews.  It seems all the truthful reviews get pushed to the back?!!!
I love what they do. But I just had my puppy there for their spay/neuter clinic. He came home, the next day he showed signs of a UTI, (bloody urine, straining to pee). So I took him to his veterinarian and they said they were even disappointed, and prescribed him antibiotic. Yes, you're getting money for it. But be a little bit easier on the little guys, no he wasn't dropped all the way but pulling and tugging and poking resulted in a bloody UTI. I'm very disappointed. Just because it's cheap doesn't mean it's worth it. Please reconsider their clinic, but continue to adopt and visit them as the staff was somewhat friendly... I'm almost afraid to know how they treated my dog when I left. On a better note, his incision isn't infected and seems to be alright.
First of all, the alterations themselves were well done. Had to get two coats taken in with recent weight loss, and he did a great job with that aspect. So I have no gripe with the tailoring itself.  However...  1. To take in one full suit and one blazer, he charged $345!!! I understand that it was a decent amount of work, but I've never in my life paid that much for alterations. I have also been told by two other professionals in the clothing industry that he's the most expensive guy in town. So beware, you are paying to dollar! I was in a time crunch, so paid anyways.  2. My suit coat came back ruined! Once again, honest story here. I almost always keep a pack of gum in my inner chest pocket, something I have done for years. I hadn't worn this suit for some time (hence the need to alter), and apparently there was a pack in this one. When I got the suit home to try on, I immediately noticed the whole liner on that side of the jacket was starchy and stiff, and I had never noticed this before. At that point, I hadn't put two and two together yet. I thought maybe they had melted the silk liner during dry cleaning or something. So I went back first thing the next day, and showed the tailor. I figured liability was just on them for botching the cleaning, so all I wanted was for it to be fixed. His ony response was "you never noticed before? It came in like that." I had never felt it in my life, but didnt have any other response so just left. Once I started thinking about it again, I had felt the gum when trying on at home before I took it in the first time. So it most definitely happened during the dry cleaning process, as was confirmed by the new cleaner to whom I was referred to fix. If he would have owned up and apologized, it's not even a matter of money to me, but more of honesty. Really bitter taste after the experience, and unfortunately doesn't make me comfortable returning, despite the alterations themselves being great.
I go to this CVS all the time, since I work in the neighborhood.  I'm not a huge fan of it - I go mostly due to convenience.  Their greeting card selection is kind of lousy - I don't think I've ever found a decent card here.  I keep trying, every holiday or birthday, but every section is just full of duds.  Also, a lot of stuff is locked behind panels that you need the employees to unlock.  Like, razor blades.  And body wash.  BODY WASH?  It drives me nuts that I need to ask someone to open that shelf for me.  It makes no sense.  Staff is hit-or-miss with friendliness.  Some people are cheerful, and some act like they want you to go away.  Good things - I love their coupon rewards.  I guess that's for all CVSes, not just this one, but it keeps me coming back because I get mad style coupons like every other visit.  And I had a good experience getting a walk-in flu shot from the pharmacy from the friendly (and quite attractive) pharmacist.    I'm just not crazy about the vibe here.  It just seems kind of depressing, with the stuff locked up and the smallish store with kind of a blargh selection.  I would much rather go to other pharmacies, but you can't beat this one for convenience (for me, anyway).  And they have a parking lot, if that helps you.
The times I've been here, its been an OK experience. However, their store hours are absolutely terrible. Closing at 7pm basically means they're never open when I would need to go there. Despite this being more conveniently located, Walgreens and Target end up getting most of my quick-shop business, simply due to late hours at night when I need to cook, clean, realize I'm out of toothpaste, have a headache, need a last-minute birthday card or whatever.
The coffee was ok, but the service and ambiance left much to be desired. The place was dirty, with straw wrappers etc on the floor. The light fixtures were too modern to be considered cozy. There were four people on staff but it took at least 2 minutes for one of them to stop gossiping with the others and take our order.  I got the feeling that this place has had a lot of success and the owners have let things slide. It was ok, but in looking for a coffee shop to make my regular hangout, I would not go back.
This is one of those places I really want to love. You walk in, it is super cute, nice ambiance, friendly staff, people are reading and talking... None of these are bad things. I got a regular coffee black and a sandwich, which came close to $15. A little pricey but whatever. The sandwich was just gross. Old bread that was just past stale to the gummy gross stage, almost no toppings and some weird spread (it was the mushroom sandwich). The coffee was just a little off. I couldn't put my finger on why, but it didn't seem right. Then I looked into the back room.... There is bread stacked EVERYWHERE. No wonder mine was stale. I might go back for coffee in a pinch, but I wouldn't get food there again.
The food here is okay.  Wings, BBQ, Bar foods. The floor here is always super slippery.  It doesn't matter if I am wearing heels or sneakers.  I just don't get why the floor is like and ice skating rink.
The front serves as a good Pittsburgh sports bar. It's a particularly great place to watch the Penguins in the spring when they open up the front wall. There are lots of HDTV's and there is a good selection of beer.   The food, however, is bland and is terrible bbq, even for the northeast. I would not come here unless you want to watch a game that you cannot see at home.
I've been here quite a few times, and I always try to like it cause theres a lack of good sports bars near Pitt. They have a ton of nice HDTVs.  Everytime I go, there is always a weird taste to one (or more) of the beers that I get. I was just there for the Pitt/Oakland game and got a Redhook. I drink this beer regularly, and something was wrong with the beer. Its definitely hard to describe, but something is always off (others in my party notice it too).  The food is hit or miss. I got the French onion soup last time. It was good. Nothing ground breaking, but solid soup. I've had the pork nachos and they were blah.
I found Buffalo Blues to be merely OK.  I thought that their prices were a bit high for the size of the portions, and their wings were rather small.  I actually liked the wing sauces I tried, though (red hot and spicy garlic).  Our server was friendly, but not terribly attentive.    I would probably only go again on an all-you-can-eat wings night.  For $10 I would certainly get my money's worth, and the quality of the food was OK.  Surprisingly, lots of vegetarian options.  A vegetarian in our party was floored by the possibility of having every burger or chicken sandwich made without meat or meat products.
I ate at this restaurant last night with three dining companions.  We decided to sit in the bar area at a high table which had views of the ample number of TV's.  The beer list that they had was nice with about 20 different beers on tap and a nice selection of bottles.  I ended up having the Philly Shackamaximum with my waitress telling me that she preferred the Long Trails Porter.  It was served in a chilled glass and tasted pretty good to me.  For dinner we attempted to start off by ordering the Blues BBQ Pork Nachos.  We were told that they did not have any pork and so we were not able to order it.  At this point we were also told that they did not have any veggie burgers as well.  So we started out with the Chicken Chili Nachos.  They were pretty good and were covered with real cheese as opposed to nacho cheese which was to my liking.  For dinner I decided on having the Lovely Lisa's Salad since I love both blue cheese and granny smith apples.  Upon receiving the salad I dug in.  The chicken was cooked nicely, moist and tender, and there was a nice coating of blue cheese on the salad.  However there was a problem since there were no granny smith apples on the salad.  Whenever the waitress came back to check on us I asked about the missing apples.  She went to the kitchen and came back and told us that they were out of them and promptly left.  I am not normally one to complain but I feel like something could have been substituted in for the apples, or that I should have been told before ordering or they could have discounted the salad but none of that occurred.  It is sad that it happened too because the rest of my salad was pretty good but that left the proverbial bitter taste in my mouth.  The bottom line is that I have been here before and the food is generally good.   However, leaving a major part off an item and being told that the kitchen is out without any rectification will make me think twice before returning here again.  It is a shame because Buffalo Blues does have potential.
My coworkers and I had lunch here on a Friday afternoon, and it was a pretty "meh" experience for me.  We were seated all the way in the back of the restaurant/bar, in a room that I didn't even know existed, so apparently Buffalo Blues is bigger than I thought.  It's nice that they have some tables away from the main bar area.  I went for the Hot Veggie Sandwich with sweet potato fries, in some kind of attempt to be healthy.  The sweet potato fries weren't too bad, with a good flaky crisp.  The sandwich left something to be desired.  It wasn't hot, first of all - I'd say the (slightly crumbly) bread had been toasted with the cheese, but all the veggie ingredients were cold, leaving an overall lukewarm effect on the sandwich.  The hummus spread didn't taste much like hummus, and was thick and pastey instead of smooth and creamy.  There wasn't a lot of exciting flavor,  It was just belly-filler, really.  I guess that's what I get for trying to order healthy here.    I just wasn't much interested in it, and I don't think it was worth anywhere near $8.  I better have a darn good sandwich if I'm paying $8.  Also, it was relatively small in size - I don't have a huge appetite, so that wasn't a problem.  But I guess I think an $8 sandwich should either be awesomely delicious, or big enough that I can take half home.  Buffalo Blues was neither.  Not particularly interested in returning for any reason.
Superbowl Sunday at the Blues. i came to meet a group of friends to watch the " who really cares about this game"  show. I was mainly interested in seeing Madonna. I do have to say that we had a server who gave us the utmost attention. We had been seated at some tables near the bar mid restaurant that were wobbling and driving me crazy. At the request of the party she moved us up front and center to a much better and stable seat. Much better view to see the Material girl! So our server gets 5 STARS! Not only for that reason, she kept the glasses full and kept checking in with us, and took it all in stride as we ordered at different times and all had separate checks. Very classy, wish I could remember her name. Young girl with dirty blond hair.   The food was pretty blah in my opinion. Bar food none too exceptional. We had nachos that were on slightly stale chips. Good size. Everyone had a burger or sandwich. As I glanced over to my friends Pulled pork it looked dry and sad left sitting on the plate. She said it was "EH". I ordered a Gobbler Club sandwich. It was humongous but not that tasty, pretty dry. How can you go wrong with a club but the thick cuts of turkey did not sit well with me and I didn't like it at all. Bad texture. The commercials and time with fun friends saved the experience but I wouldn't go back to eat. Just drinks and sports. I like the location. Easy to park. Close to shadyside. Madonna really was the show stopper this night and unless she performs here I most likely won't be back.
When Hotlick's died, Buffalo blues was born. It really is a Pittsburgh staple but come on....  Food is really, really average. I love the ribs and wings, but it's about the same as any other rib place in the city, only they charge an arm and a leg for it. This place is for the people that feel that they are at a real rib place, but don't want to cross Centre or Penn Ave. to get real ribs. It, technically is in Shadyside so your Mercedes will be safe!   The ambiance: The restaurant is always crowded. Not just crowded, but packed with teens underage drinking, families with too many kids that overflow to your "space" and collage kids who also spill over from the bar. IT'S LOUD AS HELL!!! Forget about a nice quiet dinner. There seems to be no consideration for customers at all. Last time I was there, there was a St. Patrick's Day party (it was NOT St. Patrick's Day) that took over the whole place. Though the staff tried (nah, they didn't really try) to keep them in the so called "party room" I was bumped into several times, spilled my beer, and couldn't hear my wife speak. But as long as they got their money; they could give a crap. Oh and there are like 100 TVs to interrupt any conversation at your table.  Want to sit in the bar area? Good luck. You will see a mix of drunk people, women who look like high-end prostitutes and college kids who are only missing a beer bong. Also IT'S LOUD AS HELL!!!!!!!!  The "wonderful" Staff: It seems like it's everyone's first day. To put it lightly; the staff suck! To be sure, you will be waiting for your your drinks, food and bill for a very, very long time. Expect to be there for about 2-3 hours. The wait staff are forgetful, inattentive and very sloppy at their job. It pains me to leave any tip for them. Most of the staff are hot, stacked, absolutely stupid and should be working at Hooters not a place where your bill will be upwards of $50 for two people. Be prepared to be met with this saying, "Oh, like ohmygod, I am so sorry i forgot that, he he!" (oh she's twisting her finger in her hair while she's talking). You will get bad service...period (in fact, I can't remember the last time a wait person actually wrote down my order, and they're idiots so no worries).  The food: Kinda good. Menu is huge, you'll find something you like. But I go there about 2-3 times a year for the food. It is way too expensive. Do not take a date there. Your average bill for a meal with actual proteins will run you in the high 40s without booze. There are so many bar-food places that don't claim to be high class that are just as good as this place. I grew up with the rib sauce and love it, but for your average consumer, skip it!  This place is a wannabe sports bar that tries too hard to be high end. Just watch out for the vomiting college kids with trust funds...they're everywhere!!!!!
Oh how the mighty have fallen. This place used to be good. Something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad. Since wings are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable.  Writing this review makes me sad because it is a great place to drink beer and watch the game. The beer is reasonably priced but the food is just expensive for what it is. I essentially live across the street so I know I'll go back, but I hope some of these poor reviews will help them turn things around in the kitchen.
Good place to watch a sports game.  Beer specials were good. Food is very overpriced though.  The wings are about the worst I've ever had... and I've had alot of wings growing up in Buffalo, NY.
Pass on this place, there are better restaurants mere feet away.  The menu here is too large, which is a sure sign none of the food is going to be good.  And, its not good.  Some of the salads are alright, but its just not good food.  The service is friendly and prompt, but the beer is over priced.  They do have a good selection though.  This place is open late if you need a bite to eat, but there are so much better options out there.
I have a love-hate relationship with this place...    I love it because it's extremely close to me (so, it's convenient when I'm craving a beer) and the atmosphere on Sundays is outstanding.  I'm a giant Steeler fan, but you'll probably find fans from all 32 teams in Buffalo blues, which gives it a fun and exciting feel during NFL Sundays.    However, I hate it because I believe the alcohol and food is overpriced.  The food wouldn't rub me the wrong way so much if I thought it was worth the price, but I don't.  Not even a little bit.  The only thing I have found to be delicious there were the wings; however, you can go to almost any other bar to get delicious and cheaper wings.  So, it's not really much of a win at all.  Also, I want to have a handful of beers during the games, but I don't want to empty my pockets doing it.  So, all in all, I recommend going once and awhile (mainly on Sundays) for a beer or two, but other than that it's not worth much of a visit.
Wings are overpriced. And the quality of them are bad. They were tough and greasy. The staff are pleasant but then over all experience was too expensive for a sports bar.
I end up coming here more frequently than I would like due to their Trivia night on Wednesdays. Unfortunately every time I wish I was somewhere else.  Their claim to fame should be their wings, but they are consistently some of the worst in Pittsburgh. The sauces are forgettable, they consistently come out cold, and they cost $11 for 10 (forgetting wing night obviously). You'd think that you could at least wash it down with a cold beer but whatever room they keep their kegs in must just have a window unit air conditioner.  Service is normally fine, but the place is always dirty and hot as hell. I wouldn't recommend... head next door to Mad Mex or literally anywhere across the Highland Ave. bridge.
The hot and sour soup was ok. Everything else was basically inedible. Water was not noticeably hose-y as per other reviews. More than 1/4 of the buffet was american food, and a lot of the rest was seafood that almost had to be "krab", considering the price of the buffet. No pot-stickers, no pork egg rolls, no spareribs, no won-ton soup.
This is an average Chinese buffet. The food was not bad, but not impressive neither, plus some cheap American food. The food was a little too greasy even by American Chinese food standard, and my stomach complained soon after I left that place. To me, that's a no-go signal.  On the other hand, they seemed to have a non-buffet counter next-door, perhaps the food would be better there.
I needed a quick snack before doing errands and heading home and was in the shopping strip where there is a Trader Joe's near Bakery Square.I am usually an Asian food snob having lived for many years in San Francisco / Bay Area but I thought I'd try some Amerasian food.I ordered moo shoo pork which wasn't bad,just kind of bland and not teeming with pork.That being said the vegetables were cooked well with a nice slightly crisp, not soggy texture. I'd sat if you want quite decent not quite Chinese  food  and quickly China Garden wouldn't be a bad place to stop.
Every single time I go through the drive-thru I don't get a straw. I don't know how this keeps happening. Every time. Even when reminded.
The Kelly Strayhorn is a good idea which is poorly executed.  The facility has problems:  the stairs on the house are too narrow causing trips, the bathrooms don't really have the capacity for over 300 patrons, etc.  Beyond the facility you get to the actual 'poorly executed' idea.  The staff is extremely un-knowledgeable about the subjects they are producing.  For instance none of the programmers on staff have any training in performing arts, they are all visual arts people playing at another field.  As a result they don't even know what they are really producing and any experienced person in the field can tell.    The sad part about this is they REALLY try.  They throw staff and new ideas at every opportunity.  Don't expect great performances here, expect a talked up mediocre performance.    Audience follows content and they don't have content or the staff that is knowledgeable enough to know better.  Check back in in a couple of years.  This apple is too green to eat much less pay for.
I arrived on a Thursday afternoon at 5pm when there was absolutely no other soul in the bakery (except for the staff). My pumpkin pastry with carmel topping was alright. I also tried the key lime cake and sour cream and apple cake. The key lime cake was definitely the best of the three.  While I've been to better bakeries, I will definitely be back. I have heard stories of wonder and delight from other friends.  There is a small seating area with tables and a water dispenser for diners.
I've had a wide range of experiences here.  Let's just say, when I first moved here, one of the employees gave me poor advice and ended up totally screwing up my title.  It's been a tremendous ordeal to get it fixed.  Another employee tried to help me fix it and screwed that up too.  Now I'm working with a third person who seems very competent and committed to helping me solve this problem, but even she is like "I can't believe those other people told you to do that....they made this so much harder than it needed to be."  My thoughts exactly.  Work with Barb, if you can.  She knows her stuff.  I don't quite trust anybody else to help me properly.  Also they're only open from 830-4 (or is it 430?) so you pretty much have to go before work, or on Saturday.  And I will be going in tomorrow at 830 until my car title saga finally comes to its conclusion....  Also, parking is free in their lot.  And if you are a AAA member, I think your fees are lower, or something like that.  I do have AAA, so it makes sense for me to come here - I can't say what the experience is like for non members.
Not that bad of an experience is what I keep telling myself, and that's what I'll stick to.  Confusion sets in as soon as you near the place, and before you step foot in the door.  Do I park on the street, do I pull in that lot that has all the confusing signs?  Take your pick it doesn't really matter.  Careful crossing the streets to get here.    Once inside, the confusion continues.  Signs are somewhat lacking and really don't directly tell you where you need to go.  Getting lost is easy in here.  Majority of the time, escalators are down for maitenence, making it that much harder to navigate the building.  My soul purpose to coming here was to get my license picture taken.  At usual locations for the DMV, you walk in, take a number and sit and wait.  Not here.  Without a sign to indicate that you need to stop at the reception desk until you make it to the DMV portion of the floor, you have to turn around and wait in a line.  And when you wait, you get to hear the receptionist make a snarky remark about how you can't read a sign...MAKE IT BIGGER AND PUT IT WHERE A PERSON, not a dog, CAN SEE IT.  Thank god that all I had to do was get a picture taken while in here, or I might have lost it.  Sidenote: Is it just me, or would this place have been better used if it was a market to buy fresh meats and produce in.  Or an indoor shopping center?
Going through AAA is a bit worse than your average DMV. The woman working the front desk was nice, but that was about the sum of it. The guy who processed our registration was patronizing and slow. He also made a mistake that required fixing after the fact. I can't say I'm enamored with the peculiarities of Pennsylvania licensing laws.
I have been a member for more than 39 years.  I got a flat tire on my Miata and fortunately this was the first flat tire in 8 years since there is no spare.  I called AAA and the service and follow-up were both appalling!   I called for a flatbed truck and the first dispatcher was rude and unhelpful (and I waited a long time to get this rude treatment).  Finally he agreed to send someone to put air in the tire.  I said if they don't come with a flatbed truck, then no use.  He said I would get priority service for the flatbed if air was not sufficient.  Air was not sufficient, the guy called for a flatbed and I waited and wait.   I called AAA again and was told that since I was at home, I should wait longer. So the air in tire was wasted time.  Finally someone came and it was NOT a flatbed truck.  He said that this was better than a flatbed.  It was getting late.  He forgot to release emergency brake and towed it to garage with brake on!  He also damaged the front fender by towing the car.  I called the next day. I was told someone would get back to me within 1-3 days.  No one has gotten back to me yet.  I can wait forever to talk to some one. So I complained by email and decided to share with you too.  Horrible treatment.
There were zero other people here aside from my friend and I.
i was here for a concert the other night. apparently, there's much more to the venue than the side we were on where the stage was, but it was a pretty small area for a pretty big crowd. ok, so we arrived shortly before the opening act and ordered beers. $4 for a yuengling bottle isn't ideal, but whatever. we snagged a table with stools near the door before too many people got there. by the time the opener was over, the place was packed shoulder to shoulder, and whether we stood or remained on our stools, it was nearly impossible to see the stage. i liked that it was an intimate venue, but that many people packed into such a small space, with expensive drinks, and not even a good view? not the best venue i've ever been to...
Fish out of water here when it comes to hardware related things.  I mean I know how to swing a hammer and push a button to start a machine, but all the other stuff...meh.  I've only really gone in here to pick up paint, so I'll focus on that.  I feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter.  Each time I'm in there she always seems to be by herself with a line of customers all wanting there base paint tinted.  I don't believe there was ever a time I could just walk up to the counter and have my paint mixed for me.  Give that woman a hand.
Fairly mediocre, even by the relatively modest standards of Home Depot. Unfortunately, this is probably the best you're going to do for hardware in most of Pittsburgh.
Tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency.  fail.
Home depot has a wide selection of hardware items, appliances and tools and plants for gardening.  This is a nice store that serves the Highland Park, East Liberty area.  With many old homes in this area and people working on them, this Home Depot is a welcome addition to the area.  In my opinion in terms of selection, ease of shopping and knowledge of the staff this does not compete with several Lowe's outlets I have frequented.  It is quite difficult to navigate on a busy weekend with parking difficult and carts all over.  It is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well.
Don't get them to do a roofing job done for you. It took Three months to do mine. Time, expense, trouble heartache was what we hot. They hired people that had to be required to do certain areas correctly.
A few hours before the event, we happened across the ad in the City Paper and decided to give it a shot.  We were excited to get there as the event said we would be making something, there would be food and music, demonstrations, live music, and a gallery.  Booking our reservations for 6pm was quick and easy over the phone; $60 for a couple.  Upon arrival, we checked in and were asked if we wanted to purchase another item to make; we were confused because we assumed that we would each get to make something.  In the end, we chose not to spend the extra $15 to make another garden float/ornament; aka a hollow glass ball.    When our 'instructor' met with us, he was very friendly but it was loud and he was very hard to hear.  He ran through everything at lightning speed and in the end, all we got to do was blow air in a tube for 10 seconds.  Had the first attempt not popped, I wouldn't even have been able to do anything!  From a teacher's standpoint, there were many other steps in the process that we should have been able to participate in; I would've been happy to sign a waiver if that is part of the issue.  Within 15 minutes, our ball was done and we were shuffled out so another couple could have their turn.  We then worked our way downstairs to the food and drink and there was an assortment of beer, wine, sparkling juices, veggies, fruit, cheese, and some deli meats.  The assortment was nice, as we were able to snack on the healthy side, but the beer was still warm.  The gallery was nice to walk through with work on display from so many talented people, the live music added to the ambiance, and the demonstrations were interesting to watch.  In the end, it was nice experience, but were severely let down by the make-it/take-it section of the evening (the part we were most excited for!).  It really started to bug us, when later in the evening, we saw an older couple getting to do more of the steps in the process (mind you, we aren't young kids, but young professionals).  We would have liked to have a small 'info talk' about the steps that will take place, why they are that way, the tools used, maybe some quick science behind it, then get to work on the item.
I have taken my clothes to Shadyside Valet for the last six months and have had mixed results. Just recently I have given them a pair of pants with rain splatter below the knee for a third time, having pointed it out when dropping it off each time, and received it back with no progress made on the splatter. Although this is hard to define, I also find that my shirts seem to be "beat up" after a few times through their care. They also staple the ID tags to the tag of the garment for dry cleaning, which a) is a bitch to pull out with your fingernails or otherwise and b) shows a level of disrespect to the clothing that bothers me. A very wise man once told me that if you aren't receiving the level of service you require from your dry cleaner depsite repeated instructions, it is time to move on. I'm currently looking for a new dry cleaner.
I hate to be a complainer, but these guys did such a half-asked job on my oil change (something soooo simple) i feel like i should give my 2 cents.  i made an appt online for 6pm the following day. The next day, the boss calls and says that spot isnt open, but if we needed high mileage oil, i could drop it off that night and it could get done the next day. That worked out perfect bc i work 9-5 and an actual appt before 6pm wouldnt be possible. Plus, our car is at 108k and needed high milage oil. So we drop off the car.... no envelopes or pens to write down information. luckily i found an envelope in our car and borrowed a pen from advanced auto across the street.   So the next day we go to get the car. I asked if high milage oil was used. He said no because we didnt discuss it. (really?! -_-) I asked if they did the tire rotation. He said it wasnt needed.... Midas is known for complimentary tire rotations w/ an oil change so just do it instead of making BS excuses. I asked how the courtesy check went and he said everything came back ok which was also a lie bc we were told at our last oil change that the air filter will need replaced soon  and a week later the check engine light came on... so clearly the courtesy check wasnt done bc everything wasnt ok.  WHYYYYY do things half-asked?   Finally we go to leave and i realize the sticker inside the windshield wasnt updated for the oil change (!!!!!!!!!!!)  We had to go back in and ask to get one printed. Seriously how to you mess up a simple oil change appt in multiple ways.   Too many mechanics in east end. I'll go elsewhere if a quick-fix problem occurs. For scheduled maintenance, i'll stick with the Midas in Monroeville- they were helpful, honest & did everything the right way.
I have lived in a townhouse that Motheral owns for the past year and a half or so. Linda (the property manager who just retired - thank GOD) is the worst! At first she was nice to us and was prompt with repairs and getting back to us - but towards the end of our lease she became extremely difficult to work with and wouldn't stop bothering us even after she had retired. Honestly she needs to get a life and stop bothering the tenants who are no longer her responsibility!! The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because the new property manager seems incredibly nice and I don't want to totally deter everyone just because of Linda who was a bad seed. It's sad because this location is one of the best in Shadyside to live - but God forbid you ask for reasonableness when it comes to certain issues.
Worst pizza I've had in Pittsburgh. I ordered from here last weekend. The pizza (pepperoni) had no flavor and the crust was way too chewy. The Buffalo wings were cooked well, and were tender and juicy, but they had almost no sauce on them whatsoever; luckily I had some wing sauce in my fridge in order to save them.   Maybe it was one bad night, and I can give them another chance later, but based on my one experience, I can't recommend this place to anyone.
Ahh, the only place near the train station that is open past 9 PM, isn't overpriced and/or full of people who are way too jolly for such an early hour. I got a slice of cheese pizza and onion rings. The pizza was decent. There was nothing flavorful about the sauce and the grease would not stop oozing out of the cheese. I felt sick before I got halfway through it. That reminds me - the slices are HUGE, and are $2. The onion rings were extremely basic - I gave most of them to a couple of drunken girls who debated about what to eat for half an hour. One irritating thing I overheard: as a girl was trying to place an order, the cashier kept interrupting her to say things like "we don't have those anymore" or "no, we can't cook wings dry." Sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated.
This was one of first pizza places that I've tried inPittsburgh. It was about 5 years ago. I don't have a clear memory of that time but I have Parma pizza phobia ever since... So go figure...
I've should have known better than to order a salad from a pizza joint.  I also should have known that I shouldn't have cheated on my diet.  I figured I'd choose today to be my cheat day and order with everyone else at work for take out.  I opted for the Popcorn Chicken Salad.  Sounds tasty, looked tasty, and yes it even tasted tasty.  Iceberg lettuce, grape tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, french fries, popcorn chicken, and three types of cheese.    I have to say that even though I was saying yes, my body was saying, 'OH hell no!'  I'm regretting this decision now as I am sitting here in discomfort.  Not sure what on the salad made me feel this way.  But I'm not liking the effect I'm getting right now.  Could just be karma turning around and kicking me in the ass for eating what looked healthy but was really nothing more than the equivalent of a fried chicken sandwich combo meal from a fast food joint.  I'll think twice before the next time rolls around to order from here.
I think the only thing I appreciate about Whole Foods is entering the store and seeing their fresh cut flowers.  Let's see why.....  I attempt to drive to Whole Foods only to be caught in a line of 5-6 cars attempting to get into the parking lot.  (I guess I'm not cool enough to ride Pat Transit from the South Pittsburgh home).  When I find a place to park, after the Lexus SUV (HA!) pulls out, I find that they didn't put their cart back.    So I enter the store and admire how their design is very appealing to the eyes (how DO organic oranges get so ROUND and so ORANGE) and everything is stacked so neatly.  Then I read that a pound of these oranges are $1.99...  Then I go to the meat section, which I don't even eat, to find that the prices are double those of Trader Joe's or even Market District (see future review).  So I walk around and debate to see if I should buy Clif Bars and Naked Juice (which happens to be on sale) because LORD KNOWS I don't need bulk-blanched-almonds.  But then I decide to buy "fresh" CHUNKY peanut butter because it would be fun to try.  (When I get home later, however, I bought Valencia peanut butter, whatever the hell that is, and cannot stomach it.  Gimmie my Jif.)  So while I am waiting in line, I see the  bikes (those rebellious urbanites moved from Quiet Storm) and wonder if my money is better spent elsewhere.    Regardless, I whole-heartedly (no pun intended) support organic and sustainable farming, but I'd rather go to the farmer's market or drive a bit further out of the city to go somewhere real to buy my "whole food".  And at least I put my cart back.
I don't know, maybe I'm not clear on the concept of Whole Foods.  Don't get me wrong, there's nothing really wrong with shopping at Whole Foods.  Whole Foods does have wonderful merchandise, but...  I have found that I can buy a lot of the same organic things and environmentally safe cleaners at Giant Eagle for less.  Thier wine and beer selection, supposedly quite remarkable in other states, well remember, this is Pennsylvania.  You can't buy those things at the grocery store.    I can get just as good quality meat and produce in the Strip District.  Sometimes, even better quality.  I guess the benefit of Whole Foods  is that you can find a lot under one roof and don't have to spend a lot of time and gas going to different stores.  I'm not slamming Whole Foods at all, but I actually like Trader Joe's better.
I loved Whole Foods in Ohio.  It was calm and quiet and had lots of pretty organic produce.  Here?  Well, first of all, the parking lot is a death-trap full of upscale SUVs who have no idea how to drive courteously.  (A few pointers: use your turn signals, wait your turn, drive slowly in a parking lot, and put your cart back!)  My blood pressure skyrockets the second I even try to pull in here.  Secondly, the whole store seems weirdly dark.  I don't know if it's the high, exposed-ductwork ceiling or what, but it's depressing.  Thirdly, they offer plenty of bulk beans and nuts, but few varieties of rice.    There are a few good points, though.  The sushi (at least the vegetarian varieties) are good, and the desserts are delicious and beautiful.  The salad bar and prepared foods always look good, and the staff is friendly.  But I still try to avoid Whole Foods as much as possible simply because of the insane parking lot.
Whole paycheck is a fitting name.  This Whole Foods is decent for regular items but their prepared food prices have gotten really high as of late.    I used to shop here for almost everything but their common products can now be had at almost any other grocery store for less.  Whole Foods had it's day as a unique place to shop with hard to find organic produce and products.   Now it's just more expensive.
Worst parking lot in Pittsburgh. Bring popcorn to watch middle-aged, self-important mouth breathers gun their BMWs at one another to illegally park in the handicapped spots .If one didn't know better, one could mistake the parking lot drama for a permanent, outdoor performance art installation (allbeit an extraordinarily douchey one). Snotty clientele, over priced prepared items, no longer have a monopoly on ANY product in Pittsburgh. That being said, they do have a great selection of produce, probably the best in Pittsburgh, but you'll pay dearly for it. 1 very large, organic, honeycrisp apple you ask? Try $5, for real. If you want to sum up Whole Foods, just remember it's a place where you can literally spend $5 on an apple. Also, the CEO John Mackey voted for MItt Romney (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/20/magazine/john-mackey-the-kale-king.html?_r=0), so if you think you're shopping in a mecca of neo-progressive, pre-utopian bliss, think again.  Waste of time AND money overall.
Great selection of vegan, vegetarian, raw milk, prepared foods, bakery, cheeses and aged beef. Very expensive, trader Joe's and Market district come to mind as a cheaper alternative. Parking at this particular store is a nightmare.
MEAN CUSTOMERS -ALOOF WORKERS+GOOD FOOD = CRAZY!  Official Rant of an Angry Woman:  First off - I shop at "Whole Paycheck" cause my household eats organic and whether I like it or not WF has the best organic food prices in my neck of the woods. IT'S STILL GOD DAMN RIDICULOUS EXPENSIVE but I take my family units nutrition and health seriously! WORD!!  Downhill from here...  THE CUSTOMERS AND PARKING LOT ARE MORE BAT SHIT CRAZY THAN MENTAL HOSPITALS I'VE WORKED AT!  I have watched more rich bitch elderly women NEARLY murder pedestrians and crash into cars trying to park their Lincoln Continentals in that parking lot than I'd ever care to witness!  Also - I am a mother with a young child and have been SHOVED by above mentioned rich bitches while reaching for products out of the freezer cases WITH MY CHILD IN MY ARMS! I briefly entertained SHANKING said bitch but alas prison orange is not in my color wheel!  The customers are the worst human beings on earth (::thinks about self, shakes head, laughs...except me of course::). YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE SHADYSIDE HAGS! You treat the employees like dogs - like one level above dirt. If I worked there I would hang myself in the cheese section! The customers are the worst cross section of Pittsburghers ever!!!   That said- I understand why the employees are like stunned fish - keeping things close to the vest so that RICH BITCH SHADYSIDE MONSTERS don't feast on their flesh in fits of rage!  BUT I WOULD LIKE TO POINT OUT...one female cashier who shall remain nameless SHIT on me and treated me like a tree killing whore when I handed her one Internet print out coupon on a single sheet of computer paper - she ROLLED her eyes and PAINSTAKINGLY tore my coupon out of the paper and then folded the unused paper and placed it in her pocket! I am a tree hugger getting judged by a tree hugger! FUKISUMA you! I'm a mom trying to do right for my family - feed them healthy -GO TO HELL!  If you see a woman and child dressed like Rambo and Baby Rambo running through WF screaming and wielding gallons of milk - it's me trying to survive another trip to WHOLE PAYCHECK HELL!
Oh Whole Foods, you are so so very overpriced.  I so so wish you were not, because I love the idea of the place.  But I just cannot bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here.  I can't bring myself to spend the big bucks!  The place is always packed and you're usually left bumping into people left and right.  You may even get a nasty look, yikes!  The parking is atrocious, with only probably only 75 spots for a pretty popular store.  And have fun just getting into the parking lot from Centre.  Okay, I'm going to a negative place right now....  I stop in here one a whim when I'm out in the area if I'm really craving sushi, because it's way better than the Giant Eagle's sushi down the street.  It's still not he best fast sushi (Giant Eagle Waterfront), but it does the job.  Again, they're almost $3 more than at GE.  When I run in to grab sushi and usually ad Odwalla by bill comes to almost $20!  I'd rather eat a fast meal at Qdoba...sorry...I said it!  My feelings can best be summed up with this....http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UFc1pr2yUU
I am a big fan of the Whole Foods company in general.  The store back home (Omaha) had a wine bar, espresso bar, gelato, sushi and udon stand, a GIANT cheese counter where you could sample...I could go on.  The Pittsburgh Whole Foods is small, and almost as overcrowded as its parking lot.  Two-thirds of the time they are out of what I came for.  I'm sorry, but if I'm paying THAT much for groceries, I want a stellar shopping experience.  This WF is mediocre at best.
I'll be honest, I just don't get it.  When it comes to eating I do not adhere to any particular mantra or dietary restriction like vegan, organic, vegetarian, ethical, etc.  If it's edible and it's within my palate's liking range then I eat it.  From that perspective this place just gets two stars.  Some items were higher priced but the value added (from organic to vegan certified) would I guess justify it if you had to have it.  But the items that do no fall under any of those premium-restriction value types are still just as highly priced.  So it feels like 90% of their inventory is priced at a whole-store experience premium.  Their prepared meals section was marvelous, and their cut fruit section was like I had died and gone to heaven.  But that's about the only two sections I probably would have been willing to open up my wallet.
I think Whole Foods and Giant Eagle Market District are competing for the title of most annoying place to shop. It all starts with the parking experience, which is ridiculously horrible at this location - very poorly planned. And then, there's the prices - Giant Eagle being quite expensive compared to similar grocers in other cities, Whole Foods obviously has to get a one up on those; it's inherent in the scheme of selling premium "natural" goods. Whole Foods does have better lighting and layout than GE, and yes, a more discriminative selection of products, especially for people with specialized diets, like vegans (me) and gluten free adherents. The house baked bread here might be worse than GE (tough contest) - often under baked and thus soggy in middle and crusts tend to fall off; making gluten free-dom seem appealing. And I don't even need to talk about customer demographics, because you've all seen Rachel C.'s link!
Overpriced and overwhelming. I made the mistake of going -- ONCE-- on a weekend. Never again. The parking lot felt like I was in a David Fincher-directed game of Frogger. It's always, always so congested and busy and filled with entitled customers. I was checked into a magazine rack once when a guy tried to beat me to a check-out lane. Some of the fresh stuff is nice, but it's definitely not worth the anxiety attack.
Maybe I'm just not the kind of person that likes Whole Foods.  I don't mind paying a bit more for quality groceries, but the East End Food Co-op is a bit cheaper (in my opinion) for the same products.  The store itself is very, very hard to navigate- it seems to always be super crowded.  I've never used a buggy, only a basket, and even trying to maneuver that is a nightmare.  In my opinion, there's just too much going on in the space that they have; food displays at the ends of aisles, sample tables, seated tables at the front...and no room to actually shop.  Either someone's in your way or you're in their way.  The parking lot, well..I feel the other reviews have that covered.
I called the office to get a lightbulb replaced, one of their maintenance staff took pictures inside my apartment without my knowledge or permission. Apparently my dog not being in his crate while I was not home was not up to Franklin Wests' standards, so they sent me a letter including the pictures that were taken without my knowledge.  After receiving their threatening letter "reminding me" of the lease I regretfully signed, my fiancé called them to ask why  they were taking pictures inside our apartment without our knowledge. They said they can enter our apartment any time they like, which apparently means they can photograph your things as well.   If you have pets, don't even bother renting from any of their properties. Pet deposit/rent is ridiculous. I get harassed that my dog needs to be crated when I'm gone. Oh they even suggested I put my baby in doggy day care, how the **** am I supposed to afford that when I'm paying a security deposit, pet deposit, rent, and pet rent? I've basically been told I'm not getting my security deposit back.  Their reasoning that my dog has to be crated is for the SAFETY of their maintenance guys. My dog is a 10 lb papillon. One of the pictures they sent me while they decided to do a photo shoot inside my apartment was of my dog laying down on the bed. Very vicious indeed. I'm scared to even be in my own home now. That's not a life I'm comfortable with. Especially because my dog is a registered emotional companion dog that my doctor and vet each sent letters to Franklin West stating that, yet is still considered a threat.   Six months left on my lease... Wish me luck guys.   Ps- If you do go into their leasing office you will see one of the employees' dog roaming around, while mine is locked in a crate. DO THEY NOT SEE THE HYPOCRISY?
This club is now officially closed for good due to redevelopment in the area.
Walking into Jimmy Tsang's was like walking into the Chinese restaurant that was on Hawaii Five-0 - it puts you back in time to the 1960's and the food is reminiscent of that era also.  Hot & Sour soup was highly americanized, not very hot or very sour. Wonton Soup was a very large portion and good.  Egg Rolls were large, slightly greasy but the filling was flavorless, not very good. Cheese wonton's were okay but the old grease used to fry them in over-powered the flavor. Chinese Flank steak was tough and chewy in a soy style sauce thickened with cornstarch, a little too salty and greasy but overall it was good. Flaming chicken was chicken breast with sugar peas, bamboo shoots and baby corn in a white/clear cornstarch chicken base sauce, that lacked much of any flavor except slat - it was just okay.  Tea tasted like American Lipton brewed in large quantities in the back than served in a generic tea-pot.  The place was clean service was good, prices are very good, but the food was just average.
Hey, Jimmy! Cigarettes are not a replacement for tea bags! The early bird special is cheaper because it is mostly cabbage and the tea tastes like second-hand smoke. I had the same dish previously, without the special and it was fine (hence 2 stars and not 1). I'm going to avoid this place until I get a craving to drink tobacco.
I was determined to let this one pass (experience was not worth commentary) until I made a disturbing discovery...  I made a reservation for inside. They sat us outside. That turned out to be preferable to us because the tables that WERE available inside were very close to others. The patio was spacious and decorated with busts, slightly preferable to the inner cheap.trendy.interiors.com shit. Have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders? Probably not, as the ladies room is a very dim place; don't expect to be able to notice that your botox implant is crooked. Anyway, It was HOT under the Space-Ray heater on the patio, making for a sweaty and ice-instantly-melted beverage winter night. The food was alright with some interesting flavor pairings, but it was certainly not quite worth the price. The bread was the best I've had in Pittsburgh. Our server made it seem that everything she was doing was somebody else's job, in fact, it was mostly other people who delivered, which made it confusing in terms of knowing who to ask for things and whether or not to factor some of the fine service into the tip that presumably goes mostly to the primary server who was sub-par for upscale dining; our question for the kitchen left unanswered, "the host is supposed to do that but I will..." Run on. When I described the qualities I was looking for in my wine choice during beverage inquiry, she just stared blankly and waited for me to decide. The wine list did not include descriptions. The gal who delivered the wine thankfully did describe it before popping the top and it was determined that I did not want this cheapest option before me! She described another bubbly that sounded and was, according to my own tastes, delightful.   I was so very satisfied with the sparkling sensation of the meal that I sought it out at the Wine and Spirits store. This was the moment that my minor disappointment in the value of my special-occasion dinner at Casbah turned into a feeling of devastating violation. I am talking about a 400% markup on the retail price of this wine. If you want to do your own math: at Casbah the 1/2 bottle of Gruet Blanc Du Noirs cost $35, while a WHOLE bottle at W&S is priced at $16.99. You can bet that I will choose to enjoy this wine elsewhere, like Avenue B (byob), next time.   Casbah is lacking the quality service, honesty and original ambiance that should accompany creative food at moderately high prices.  **Update: I recently saw a full size bottle of the Gruet on a restaurant menu for $30; Casbah, take a tip!
Disappointing.   My bf and I went for JUST dessert and wine, which we told the hostess ahead of time. The waitress was very curt and disrespectful. We were rushed to order (even though there were plenty of empty tables and it was NOT closing time). She did not offer suggestions or advice.  We ended up ordering the flourless chocolate cake. The cake was extremely rich (but delicious!) and the portion was just right for sharing after dinner. The marscapone was silky and paired perfectly with the cherries on top.  The waitress kept coming back to see if we were done and ready for our check. After we got the check, she was in a hurry to get us out the door. I am completely dissatisfied with the service and will not go back to this restaurant simply because of it.
Had a very lack-luster Mother's Day brunch at Casbah yesterday. Despite having a very late reservation time of 2:30 p.m., we were seated in the dungeon-like basement dining room. I asked for tables upstairs in the daylight but there was allegedly no way to accommodate my request. Worst part about the basement is the thumping from the sub-woofer located above -- really ridiculous. Service was fine. Timing of drinks and first brunch course were acceptable given it was a busy day, but then gap of 35+ minutes for entrees left us all sitting there, not enjoying the dark of the basement nore the perpetually thumping base. An utterly forgettable mother's day brunch (luckily she took it in stride) but I think Casbah will not be at the top of the list in my book for quite awhile.
I came here with a friend for her birthday, and the food really isn't particularly special.  Portions are decent, and I guess the prices are reasonable... if they had better food.   The outside of restaurant makes me think that the inside will be just as square and boring, but the inside patio area was pretty nice actually.  Overall, I just wasn't very impressed with the food.  If I was offered to eat this food for free, sure, I'd take a helping, but probably not seconds.
1. Sat outside on patio metallic chairs and tables, when we made reservation expecting to sit in the restaurant, not outside! There was no information about this. If the restaurant inside seats g is full. Then they should mention to the customers making reservations that they will be sitting outside!!! 2. Food is mediocre at best! They even screwed my order. Asked for risotto and got some pasta, not sure what. 3. Asked for two cabs, someone at restaurant changed it to one big cab instead which could not hold all of us so we had to wait for another 25 mins for another one!!  Would not recommend to anyone. Enough other good restaurants in Pittsburgh to go to. They have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly!
Sharia don't like it, and neither does Becky.   Boy and I went to Casbah on a warm Tuesday evening. The restaurant wasn't busy, and we were seated in the inviting outdoor patio. Our waitress was very pleasant and extremely informative about both the drink and food menus.   We shared a bottle of Mission la Caminade (Malbec, French). This was a very good, medium-bodied wine.   Many yelpers have raved about Casbah's bread and pesto. I don't get it. I've had much better sourdough elsewhere and the pesto wasn't anything to write home about.   I had the asparagus soup with crab for an appetizer.  The soup was served cold and tasted fresh enough, but something was off, and I barely ate half of it.   I ordered the orecchiette pasta as an entree, which was served with grilled chicken and cranberries in a goat cheese cream sauce. I am upset to report that this tasted rather bland. The cranberries were the only spark of flavor in the dish.  Boy ordered the ricotta cavatelli pasta, which was in a marinara sauce with sausage and ricotta. I am sad to report that this too was tasteless. The ricotta was dumped on top and added nothing to the dish.   We glanced at the dessert menu, after spending so much on food we didn't enjoy, boy and I decided to cross the street for ice cream, instead.   Overall, Casbah has a nice atmosphere and service, but their food quality doesn't match the price tag.
For the record, I have returned a few times and still entirely stand by my original review from nearly 3 years ago. I will add that the food portions also seem to be decreasing! We went during happy hour last week and I had the worst tasting rye drink possible - described as rye with fig jam, bitters and lemon, sounded like something that cannot possibly be fucked up, but tasted like nothing but the juice wrenched out of unripe lemons - super dry and gave me a stomach ache. No fig flavor to be detected. To make matters worse, when my partner tried to ask the bartender about the drink, if it was supposed to be sooo god-aweful lemony, she responded with a "yes, it's got lemon in it." When he pressed the issue, she simply repeated, "yes, it's a lemon and fig drink." More frustrating than conversations with the wall. The risotto that we ordered was the size one would expect of a side dish (which is what risotto should be, but this was proposed as an entree...). It had about 5 little pieces of maitake mushroom and 6 hazelnuts in it and was otherwise flavorless. We added lots of salt and pepper. Total waste of $25 bucks.   Also, their bar seating sucks. The chairs are stationary and far away from each other, and a bit far from the bar for a shorty like me; my feet don't reach the foot bar on the chair either, so my legs fall asleep trying to sit there.
Good food, great service, but high prices.  My date and I shared 2 appetizers, a salad and each had an entree with the recommended wine pairings. Bill was $115 without tax--pricey by my standards for this experience. The new tuna tartare appetizer was the highlight of our night. The bruschetta with fig and grape butter, prosciutto and blue cheese was good, so was the beet salad.  We were disappointed with our entrees. My roasted duck breast with spinach and gnocchi was not hot. My date had the salmon with potato fennel puree, which she said tasted fishy.  Make sure you aren't seated inside the tent where patrons are eating on a slope on outdoor metal tables--this is not my idea of a good dinner at this price range.  Although I would come here again, there are certainly much better restaurants in the city. I would rank Casbah below Eleven within the Big Burrito group of restaurants.
Though Casbah has been around for ages this was our first time dining there. In short, the restaurant itself was nice and the food interesting though a little on the pricey side. Service started out great but for some reason our entrees took forever and our waiter more or less abandoned us. If I'm spending a $150 on dinner for 2 I expect some sort of explanation on why we are having to wait 45 minutes plus between our appetizer and the entrees. At a minimum, I don't want to have to flag down the server to order another drink and for god's sake don't make me ask for a refill of my water.  If I was only basing my decision on food I'd probably go back but all things considered there are too many other restaurants in Pittsburgh where I can get amazing food AND an amazing dining experience.
Tonight's review: it started with a table for two stuffed between two other tables. Yes there were five other more comfortable two tops available. We asked and after some sighs were granted our seemingly offensive request. Punishment was fast...we sipped our water, were provided a refill but no offer to acquire other beverages. With plenty of time to review the night's menu, we made our selection. My request was well done Salmon (heart issues require well done) the chef's feelings were clear; as I sawed through the salmon I thought it could possibly be a message. I again had offended by my request. I like Casbah and the other BB restaurants but tonight I should have selected a friendlier more customer focused establishment. YES I will return and still recommend Casbah. Oh we did finally get to place a cocktail order.   M
Made a reservation on opentable for Friday at 6pm.  It wasn't packed at all but the hostess decided to sit us outside without asking where we'd prefer to sit. It was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable.   I immediately noticed that a lot of CMU undergrads worked there. While I was dining there I saw 3 CMU classmates.   I started off with the gazpacho and it was very tasty. We were also given some bread with a lavender goat cheese spread. The spread was ok.   For the entrees I got the roasted pepper cavereccia that had crab in it and ricotta cavatelli with sausage.  For the cavereccia I thought there was going to be big chunks of crab but I was disappointed to see that the crab was shredded into small pieces. The pasta was a little undercooked and the sauce was ok.  The cavatelli was extremely oily. The more you ate it the more you saw the pool of oil it was swimming in. I had to wipe some of the oil off the pasta.   Lastly I had the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding. It was pretty good but I wish there were more raspberries in it.   Service was pretty good and the decor outside was nice, although, it got really stuffy in the outdoor tent.   This place is pretty expensive and based on the food I wouldn't go back for that price.
While I have always had a great experience with my food, I feel the need to update my prior review based on my experience at brunch today.    When my food came out, there was a very visible hair on my plate. I was with a large group and did not want to make a scene, so I mentioned it to the server who immediately took my plate away. The manager on duty came out to apologize, which I did appreciate. However, I was a little surprised because when they brought my plate out about 5 minutes later, I could tell that it was the same exact plate.   First off, it was not even warm, so if they made my meal on the spot you would think it would be hot, or at the very least warm. I had also substituted bacon for the sausage that normally comes with the entree, and if the chef had made a new plate on the spot, he would probably have sent it out with the sausage (or with a side of bacon again), which he did not (they had served my bacon on the side when they brought it out initially).     Everything was in the exact same place on the plate. I wasn't going to cause a scene, so I pretended to enjoy it, but did not. I was quite repulsed.  in my last review I had said that Casbah was my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I had mentioned that the Cassericia dish was my favorite but that they had removed it from the menu the last time I tried to order it there for dinner. I received a response from someone at the restaurant that she was not sure why I would think that because it is still offered, and I explained that the waiter told me it was removed from the menu.   I'm not really sure what happened here, but I can tell you this... I don't think that Casbah is my favorite anymore. In fact not only is it not my favorite, it has taken a plunge to the bottom of my list of places to eat.   For me, if you expect to eat at a top restaurant, the service should be top of the line, and it has just been too inconsistent for my taste. No thanks Casbah!
I had my first experience with Casbah on a recent Friday night in a group of 4 without a reservation arriving around 9pm. Here is a summary of our experience:   PROS:  - Ambiance is nice, upscale, not too loud.  - We were able to find a low table in the bar within 15 minutes.  - Drinks were good, generously proportioned. Cocktails were priced as expected for the type of place ($10-$14). Wine list had multiple options by the glass. - As for the meal, the meats were good cuts, well prepared.   CONS:  - Overall the food felt rich with creams, fats, salt without any particular inspiration showing through. The ingredients were all good and well sourced, but the finished products did not seem to elevate them in any particular way.  - The service was high end of amateur - not what I was expecting from this caliber of restaurant. Our 30 minute wait stretched to 1hr 30min without any meaningful acknowledgement by the staff. Upon sitting we were told that they usually have "excellent sourdough bread", but they were out of it for tonight so we had ciabatta (which was fine, but we didnt need to hear what we didn't get to have).   FOOD: (vegetarian options reviewed directly, meat options as reported by dining companions) - Cheese plate: Nicely prepared with a good range of cheeses. Only complaint was that the cheeses were served too cold to fully appreciate them.  - Beet salad: the greens were good, the dressing was a bit too mild to offset the beets, the beets themselves were gritty and not particularly well cooked.  - Squash soup: Overall very good - quite rich but flavorful. Felt like the salt and cream were taking over the squash  - Mushroom pasta: Again quite rich and salty. Packed with high quality mushrooms but didn't feel that they were quite given justice due to the salt and butter. Pasta was high quality but again, overshadowed by the salt and butter.  - Steak: Good cut of meat, cooked well. - Ragu pasta: Excellent pasta dish well cooked, reported to be almost as good as Piccolo Forno's.   OVERALL:  A similar experience at 2/3 the price would have received 3 stars, for the price of the meal this was barely a 2 star event. We won't be going back, even with the lure of 2 for 1 entrees around our birthdays - the food just isn't that good even discounting the service. I'm sure they will continue to do well with a certain crowd, but there are much better dinner options out there.
I want to start by saying that it kills me to give Casbah two stars and I wish there were two rating systems - one for the food and another one for service since my review is really about the latter. The food as always is exceptional.  I have been going to Casbah for well over a decade and it is a place where my family has always celebrated special occasions because of the wonderful atmosphere, food and the great service - or what used to be great service.   We went to Casbah last night for dinner to celebrate a family birthday expecting to have a nice, memorable evening. Alas! that wasn't to be. Our server (Seth) and the service provided by him can be described in just one word - INDIFFERENCE. He went through the motions of taking our order and bringing us our food but that was it. We were never told of any specials. We were not brought any bread till we asked for it. We were not asked for re-fills on our drinks or even our water. We were not once asked how the food was and if we needed anything else. On ordering dessert, we were not asked if we needed coffee or drinks to go with and so on. In my book, indifference is worse than bad service.    I could have looked past it if it was just the server's style and lack of work ethic (every place has some of those people!) but what really highlighted this lackluster service was that the very same server was providing exceptional service to a neighboring table with a much larger party than ours. Perhaps because gratuity was automatically included? I don't know but suffice to say I was very disappointed and somewhat annoyed.   Casbah is not your "neighborhood" place to drop in for dinner and the food and ambiance don't come cheap. So the least they can do is to make sure that service is consistent. It is relatively easy to attract new customers but really tough to sustain them.  I hope this was just a one-time occurrence but I feel like I need to highlight it in a public forum in the hope that someone from Big Burrito sees this and has it addressed.   I'm so disappointed. I hope I can go back there again. I would hate to lose this place!
Parking: Street parking or valet.   Initial thoughts: I've heard this place had great food, and since I was quite hungry, I was excited.   Wait time: We had a reservation, so we were seated right away.   Service: Great - the waiters were attentive and made sure we were enjoying our meal and had our water glasses filled.   Appetizers/Small dishes: Cheese tasting with 5 cheese - it was so tiny. Not worth the price. The cheese were interesting, but for the cost I expected more than just a few small slices of bread, a few slices of cheese, and a dollop of jam.   Main dish: Long Island duck - TOO SALTY. I thought the duck itself was cooked well, but as I was eating it I had to constantly drink water to make up for the taste. There were a few measly pieces of gnocchi. There was no lavender flavor or kumquats. I would recommend getting something other than this dish if you do go.   Drinks: We ordered a bottle of Riesling, which was good but nothing special.   Cost: The main dishes were all around $30-35. For the cost, I expected the flavor to wow me, but really I just need a lot of water to drink.   Ambience: We sat in the part of the restaurant that was under a tent-like structure. It was a bit chilly, but they had the heated lights on. It is dark, so don't expect to take any good photos.   Overall: Just okay. I wish I could give it more stars, but really it was disappointing. After that unsettling duck main dish, I'm not sure If I'm willing to try this place again.
We were excited to go to casbah after hearing good things from locals and having gone to mad Mex, which was truly great TexMex food. despite trying to be optimistic, we really left unimpressed. here's the breakdown: cocktails/drinks- the list was unimaginative and wife's cocktail was neither refreshing, not very strong. the beers offered were not great, one was flat: 3/10 gnuti- this was somewhat tasty and rich, with well cooked chunks of lobster, however nothing I'll remember tomorrow: 7/10 octopus- the list of ingredients and fact that it is a Mediterranean restaurant makes you think this would be light and fresh w a salty kick from the prosciutto. but it seemed to be cooked with the prosciutto and/or brown sugar and was overcooked, a heavy lumbering dish that not even fennel could make up for. this was a big disappointment. 2/10 halibut-  the fish was well cooked, but the dish was generic, not exciting nor offensive, forgettable. 4/10 Casericcha (sp?)- this really was the standout. The scallops were cooked well and it was chock full of crab. It was very rich. Nothing about the preparation was special, and it wasnt spicy and it was green with pesto so the name red pepper is somewhat of a misnomer, but for the pure weight of fresh lump crab makes this dish 8/10, even with a pretty high price for pasta of $35. Dessert- milk sponge cake- small and fairly dry, which again, with name "sponge" one would be disappointed to expect a moist cake. 3/10. service- the service was fine, not amazing, seemed like waiter was a little too busy for the higher prices of food. although the ambience on porch was nice, they seemed to have a hard time regulating the temperature, with various times of sweat building on the brow, throughout the meal. 5/10 total: 30/7=4.something and given the price, how good everything looked on the menu and the disappointment of anticipated greatness, I'm rounding down.  big burrito is a shooting 50% (props to mad Mex), curious to see how they do in the rubber match.
It's good when they are on, but they are so inconsistent you never know what you are going to get.  The coffee machine looks like it hasn't been cleaned in the last century which is off putting.  Generally, I wouldn't recommend it unless you are in the neighborhood and desperately hungry--you MIGHT catch a lucky break and be there on a good day.
Quiet Storm is, perhaps, the most expensive vegetarian diner I have ever been to, even by big city standards! Cash-only makes this even more difficult. Tofu wings appetizer was simply not very good; and I usually love these things! I tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment. As far as I know, gyros are supposed to be pretty meaty, but this was mostly lettuce with sporadic chunks of seitan and cucumber,along  with dreaded diced unripe tomato. The wrap was dry and upon looking at the menu again, I see that the sauce that it probably requires costs an extra $.50. The tortilla itself was very white and seemingly unnatural compared to those found at most veggie establishments. My beverage was good and affordable--ginger lemonade. It was sweet for my tastes, but I am sure most people would have thought it perfect. I'll keep Quiet Storm in mind as a coffee shop, only.  F.Y.I after splitting the cost of the appetizer with a friend, my lunch cost me $17--ouch! I did have half of the wrap leftover and ate it later as a salad with my own dressing. It was quite good that way and I might recommend that QS rethink the Gyro presentation if they want to continue using so much lettuce.
i was super excited to try quiet storm when i moved to pittsburgh because all of the reviews i read were fantastic.  however, i have visited multiple times now continuously hoping for improvement and each time i've been disappointed.  let's start with the good things.  QS has a great atmosphere, it definitely helped the transition from austin.  very chill "hippie" vibe.  however, the servers although friendly can  sometimes be a touch "hippie-elitest".  the food was alright.  their homefries were quite tasty but little else has tantalized my taste buds and i have tried many things.  i do love their thai dressing, very yummy on the salads.  will i continue to go back?  probably, wishful thinking is  a good thing.
I'm going to revise my review of Quiet Storm.  You may get lucky and find yourself faced with an awesome rendering of a fabulously-designed vegetarian sandwich. In my experience, however (considering the 30+ Cubanos I've eaten there), you're more likely to get a sad, mediocre rendition.  Consistency is not their strong point.  Add to that the likelihood that you may be dosed with some surly owner attitude, and I've decided to steer clear.  It's a shame that I no longer feel it's worth it to chase the beautiful dream of my first meals at Quiet Storm. It's also a shame that many of their staff are wonderful, friendly, and helpful, and yet their efforts are overshadowed.  Sorry, Quiet Storm. As a Pittsburgh vegetarian, I want to love you. But you broke my heart.
The menu looks awesome and the dish concepts are good except everything that comes out is disappointingly bland. Thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table. The best part of the meal was the peanut butter chocolate milk shake. The burger and "spicy" Cajun soup were very mediocre.
I really, really wanted to like this restaurant. Hip, quirky, vegetarian/vegan. Lots of owls and kitschy deco. I eat meat occasionally, but had a vegetarian buddy here to visit, and thought this would be a great choice. What's not to love, right?   Well, for starters, the service. Our server was really nice, and had lots of reviews, suggestions and alternate ideas for what we should order... but the service was mind-numbingly, ridiculously slow-- and the place was half empty. Plus, even after two requests for napkins (which were not provided to begin with, and not available from other empty tables around us) we never received any napkins at all. I'm not really a messy eater, but come on!  Maybe part of the problem was expectations? We kicked things off with the "firesticks" appetizer-- some really tasty quesadilla-ish things. After that, our orders (I had the thai salad) were just kind of... boring? Strangely spiced? I feel like the bar was set high with the app, and then none of the entrees met the expectations of yummy veggie goodness, and my dining companions agreed. I also ordered a cup of the mac & cheese, and it was awful. You know how when you reheat elbow mac & cheese in the microwave, and the cheese gets all greasy/gloopy and the noodles stick together? Well, it was exactly THAT, with some powdered garlic sprinked on top. Really. I should have made my own leftover mac at home and not paid $4 for a cup of that. Learn from my mistake.  We had planned to order milkshakes, too, but our server spent so much time in a black hole or something that by the time she finally returned, we'd been completely finished with our meal for at least 15 minutes. For $4 (and probably a ridiculous wait) per milkshake, we decided to hit The Milkshake Factory on East Carson instead.
Why do vegetarian restaurants think we need "fake" meat, this I do not understand.  I had a primavera sandwich which was just ok, but the patty on the roll was just as perplexing as the "mystery meat" you get in your elementary school cafeteria. My sandwich came with a boring pasta salad and some tortilla chips out of a bag.  Otherwise the atmosphere was fun, and the wifi was free if you ask for the password.
I've been back to Quiet Storm many times. I can accept the hit or miss service since it's pretty cheap and casual. That's not really an excuse for bad service, it only somehow softens the blow, but why be mediocre?   The environment is comfortable (unless you sense the servers don't want you there). The music ranges and is appropriate for the environment. It's never too loud or aggressive. Free wi-fi helps and the milkshakes are slammin! The food is inconsistent, but often good. The Black-a-dilla is my favorite.   I really want to like Quiet Storm, but it only merits 2 stars. Their food, service, and hours are inconsistent. It seems they often close early.   Owners, please stick to your business hours. It's not like you're open that late to begin with! Perhaps everybody wants to go home, I don't blame them for that, and you may have run out of a few things, but try to imagine the disappointment of trekking out there to enjoy your favorite shake or snack and then being turned away.    OR, If you believe this is an acceptable business practice, it would be less infuriating if you simply changed your hours to '9am - until we feel like it.'  This way there are no set expectations and we can't really begrudge you for it.   ...My vote is to just stick with the hours you created.  Thanks!
Yes, I know.  I'm probably one of the few people that has rated this place with two stars.  But let me explain.  My friends and I wanted to try this place out and had high hopes.  I haven't heard of many vegetarian/vegan places in Pittsburgh so I expected to have some awesome vegetarian food.  However, from the get go, our host was absolutely terrible.  He did not look us in the eye and was just overall awkward.  There was obviously room in the restaurant for the four of us but he had to "look in the back" to see if there was room.  One of the other servers eventually sat us in a clearly empty table that we could have picked out for ourselves.  Our first host came back, reiterated the same thing the server told us, but never gave us menus.  I had to go out of my way to ask for menus about five or ten minutes after we had been seated.  To be fair, our assigned server was very nice.  She was friendly and approachable.  But of course, our food came and mine was cold.  The potatoes in the hash I ordered was stale, old and cold and had such a small accompanying serving of bread.  Also, our utensils weren't given to us until after our food was served.  I know I may be sounding like a little bit of a snob but utensils should be expected before the food arrives.  Not to be completely biased, the rest my party had decent food.  It just wasn't anything special.  Definitely not worth $12 for brunch.  Needless to say, I will not be coming back to this place.
So I admit my boyfriend and I actually didn't know it was vegetarian/vegan until we had ordered our food and looked more closely.   We went this past weekend and had brunch. We each had thai coffee which was ok, not stupendous, not horrible. He ordered the veggie burger, and I had the chocolate oatmeal pancakes.  His burger was unseasoned and fairly cold, my pancakes were okay...but to be honest really lacked flavor (the taste of what I imagine cardboard to be came to mind). I don't discriminate, I'm all for veggies and vegan food, but just because those are your ingredients doesn't mean you can't cook things well and add seasoning.  I am intrigued to go back because the apple cheese panini sounded possibly better than what we had.    I will note that ourwaitress was very sweet and friendly, but the food was just lacking in flavor so much that it's really deterred us from going back.
I've found the service here to be pretty terrible. Servers can be pretty careless about taking care of simple things and my friends have had similar experiences. The food is really pretty good, but if the overall service sucks, then well, it makes it hard to enjoy a tasty meal. Sorry Storm, you need to improve this.
Andrew here said it best: "...  food served by workers who mostly don't seem to notice they're working, and when they do, only respond snarkily."  It took me 40 minutes to get a sandwich here, and when I complained I didn't get an apology, just a snarky remark "well you can see we have a small kitchen"
I'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant. It just has to be a parody of a vegetarian restaurant. Like, every time I start reading the menu I think Ashton Kutcher is going to pop out and tell me I've been Punk'd.  A small disclaimer: I am not vegan or vegetarian and I never will be. I love meat. But I also love vegetables and fruits and pretty much the entire food pyramid. And these things can be combined to make tasty vegan food. But "Texturized vegetable protein hydrated with seasonings" is not food to me. Yep, that description of their "chorizo" comes directly off their menu. Eating vegetarian does NOT mean you need to subject yourself to these highly processed "foods."  Less processed substitutes like tofu, tempeh, and seitan are used as well, but they are mostly treated as a stand-in for meat. I guess if you are a vegetarian that misses eating meat, this may satisfy you. However, as an omnivore, why would I eat a faux-BLT when I can eat a real one? How about instead of trying to imitate the flavor and texture of meat, we actually come up with creative combinations of vegetables, fruits, and legumes that are delicious in their own right. What a concept! Have you ever eaten a vegetarian dish and thought, "Whoa, I can't believe I actually like this better than meat"? I have! But don't expect that feeling here. It will be more like: "Umm...I guess tofu mixed with nutritional yeast is kinda reminiscent of scrambled eggs?"  Two stars because I really like the drinks here. The ones I remember trying were the ginger lemonade, the Mexican hot chocolate, and the root beer with a shot of espresso. They have some really wonderful sounding tea options that I wish I could try, but I generally avoid this place because of the food.
This place is a train wreck. Quiet? No. Storm? Yes. Loud, slow, bland food and annoying service are only a few of the complaints that I have.   1. The Vegan / Hipster / Metal thing has got to go. All I kept on seeing through the kitchen window was the armpit hair of the cook wearing the Motörhead tank top. I am a huge Motörhead fan, but when I go to an overpriced restaurant I don't want Lemmy to be making my food.   2. The food is bland. Shoving a bunch of brown rice and black beans in a tortilla does not automatically make the food vegan and there were very few things on the menu that were 100% vegan.   3. The service was pretty bad. Our appetizer came to the table with our main dish and the entire time we watched the staff eat their dinner in front of everyone at the counter. I am pretty sure that three different cooks made our order, as the cooks were tag teaming the line while they were eating.   4. Last, but not least... the volume level in the place was numbing. The guy working the counter kept on slamming the ice cream freezer door every time he made a milkshake, the music was some sort of Bjork style electronica that I am pretty sure was written to induce migraines and there were about 6 hippy couples letting their kids run wild.   I have been to plenty of vegetarian restaurants in my travels and Quiet Storm does not even come close to the top 10. I think Pittsburgh deserves better.
In all fairness, I went to this place after stuffing myself at Vincent's Pizza Park.  Still, I know a good pizza when I see one, and this place is totally passable, but great or even good it is not.  My friend and I were given our pizza in a box although we were planning on eating on the premises.  Still, it seemed like we were not wanted and decided not to press the point.  We walked across the street to a parking lot and saw a Pizza Perfecttta box and some leftover pizza littered on the ground.  In the end we didn't finish our pizza and assumed that many people in the past have been hastily handed their pizza, pushed out the door, only to walk across the street, eat mediocre pizza, and decide it wasn't even worth the energy to pick it up and throw it away.
Ew. Okay, not the worst pizza ever, but it's pretty far down my list of pizzerias...and that's sad, considering I quite literally live across the street from it. This should be my go-to pizza destination but I'd rather pay a delivery charge than eat their pizza. The sauce is way too sweet (like, Papa Johns sweet) and there isn't enough cheese. There are too many decent pizza delivery places around to settle for this. The only thing I enjoy about Pizza Perfectta is that their sign hilariously claims, "Excitingly flavored!" Personally, I wasn't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza. Maybe if they wouldn't have tempted me with such language I would be less pissed off at them. Two stars only because they let me borrow some paper cups when I moved into my apartment and hadn't unpacked my kitchen stuff yet. Without them I may have had to travel half a block north and grab some from a different restaurant. Thanks, Pizza Perfectta.  Oh, and here's a little Italian lesson for you: it's "perfetta," not "perfectta."
DO NOT ORDER THE HOT WINGS!! If you enjoy eating hot sauce flavored gravy paste, then by all means these are the wings for you. If not, stay away. My boyfriend and i each ate one and couldn't even finish the rest of our dinner. Don't waste your money!
Got the rancho and the Greek, not so bad but I probably won't go back... Too heavy for me...
I was a bit disappointed with the pizza I got. I ordered the Milano special pizza, which had pepperoni, bacon, sausage, bell peppers, mushrooms, olives, tomatoes, etc, and the popcorn chicken. The order itself arrived within thirty minutes which was great. Although the pizza tasted decent, the crust was not crispy at all, the slices were pretty floppy. They also skimped on the toppings a bit. I was hoping for a more loaded pizza. I'm not watching my weight--I can handle it. As far as the popcorn chicken goes, it was too salty, even with the honey Dijon dipping sauce. Probably not ordering from here again.
I've been to about ~50 pizza places in Pittsburgh and this is one I would not go back to. Pizza is pretty bland and there is nothing remarkable about it.
On the positive side, the delivery was pretty quick, given I ordered during the dinner rush, where I would consider under an hour to be pretty exceptional. After that, the food was pretty meh. The pizza wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. Given the relative quick delivery, it was on the cold side upon arrival. Also, I had ordered a fried pickle appetizer. It was clearly a frozen appetizer, so I knew what to expect, but this also arrived cold and soggy. All and all not a terribly positive experience given the vast wealth of take-out options in the area.
They claimed on their website that they have "the best wings in town". As a seeker of good wings, let me tell you about my adventure with this place.   Everything started fine with our order of 24 wings with three separate sauces for 3 eaters. The wings arrived exactly an hour later with the exact number of wings promised and a side of celery. Here's the catch...THERE WAS NO SAUCE! My party of three decided to just tough it out and eat the wings plain. They were, I kid you not, so bland that I wasn't sure what I was eating. They literally just threw the wings in the fryer and delivered it to us. So once we realized how unbearable the plain wings were, we called and complained about the sauce. About 40 minutes later, the sauce arrived. At this point, the wings got cold and our hunger turned into an unbearable rage. We tried BBQ, Garlic Parmesan and Spicy. The sauces were just average. The spicy sauce was so weak that I should've just settled with a bottle of sirracha.   The deliver guy gave us a cannoli as an apology....ONE CANNOLI....3 eaters! You get the point. But this gives me the chance to tell you how terrible the cannoli was. The outer shell was soggy and the filling made me gag a little. It looked nice, but didn't taste that great.   So after 1 hour and 40 minutes, 24 wings, 3 sauces and a cannoli... we have 3 very unhappy customers. The wings were the most mediocre wings I have ever tasted. I will NOT order here again for the wings NOR will I recommend it to the fellow wings connoisseurs out there. Final verdict: MOST MEDIOCRE wings in town!
To be fair, this place deserves a 5 star review if it were for their veterinary care alone. They are highly knowledgeable and gave my pet nothing but the best while we were there. They also provide pheromone bandanas for the pets to help ease their anxiety while you wait, which I found extremely helpful.  However, I was unable to be a loyal customer to this clinic as they were not loyal to me. It seemed every time I needed an appointment, they were fully booked for the next 2, sometimes 3 weeks. While I understand planning ahead for routine care like vaccines can be planned ahead, if my dog is experiencing an acute problem such as vomiting/diarrhea for a couple of days it's not worth anything if she can't be seen within a day or two. Their earliest appointment on that occasion was 1.5 weeks out. While this was frustrating and I was ready to switch vets, they redeemed themselves and kept me as a customer for a bit longer. I took my dog to the humane society to save some money on her shots and she ended up getting pretty sick. She kept vomiting and was lethargic, didn't want to eat or drink. I called the vet at the first sign of lethargic, loss of eating and drinking. They told me to bring her right in, no appointment necessary. They saw her as soon as we walked in and got us squared away with the proper medications and what to do next time before her shots to prevent her getting so sick again. I do appreciate them for that as they went above and beyond in that situation.  The point at which I decided to transfer to another vet is when we adopted a 2nd puppy from St. Louis. We got her from a shelter and she came to us with one leg amputated (fresh incision) and she would cry out in pain any time she was lifted or touched even close to that area, she also had a lot of diarrhea. The shelter we got her from gives a 2 week health guarantee but given the issues we wanted to be seen that week. I called for an appointment and was told the earliest was 2.5 weeks out. I explained the situation regarding her health concerns as well as the fact that we needed her to be seen within 2 weeks and asked if there was anything I could do. The receptionist responded by telling me I might consider having her seen by another vet or the humane society for the first time, & then have her first puppy appointment with them to continue her care from there. I'm sorry but the purpose of having a vet is to have them as their primary doctor for health issues, so it's really a problem if we can't ever get an appointment and it's clear to me they don't want my dogs as their patients if they are suggesting for me to go somewhere else...but anyway I called the Big Easy in Lawrenceville right after I hung up since they couldn't even try to accommodate us, they got me in for a walk in appointment the same day and both of my dogs have been going there ever since.
Ooooppss...update time.   Got the regular (steamed spinach and lasagna) from the hot bar on my way to work.   So, I'm on my dinner break sitting, chatting it up with a co worker while eating.  I see something white in the spinach just before putting it in my mouth.  WTF is that!  OMG, it looks like one of those fat ass worms we'd  pluck from the greens in my grandma's garden.  I threw the fork down and my co worker says..." you're seeing stuff."  Um NOT!  I sat there digging through the spinach determined to find that damn worm.  Thirty minutes later  SHAZAM...found it. Ugh, my coworker spread open the spinach leaf.  EEEkkkk, it was bigger and fatter with black spikes poking out.  FUCK!  Call the manager at Co-op and he says..."Bring it in for a refund, thanks for being so nice about it...We usually just see worms in the fruits."  Geez, thanks for that lil tidbit.    This happened last week around the Sept 14, 2010.  Guess that means it's really organic, huh?
This store is quite expensive, I was shocked a cream costs 13-14$ whereas the same one costs 11-12$ at Whole Foods and at online store (http://www.vitacost.com/weleda-calendula-diaper-care) around 7$ .   The store seems to be a kind of a ripoff. Also I got food there which made me quite sick - tabbouleh. My diarrhea didn't want to stop for a day - my first experience like that with food from a so called health food store.  There are other options to this store like for instance Whole Foods which is only 8 min away. Whole foods has very often sales which this one doesn't.   Also there was a strange old/rotten smell going through the Co-Ops place - indicator something is wrong.  I think they are owned by 8000 members, so enough people spreading the word that they are great.  But the truth is - its an expensive store with big attitude, and very little to offer.
Really wide selection of products to choose from.  I understand that organic, local stuff is a premium purchase over conventional foods, and there is a huge community for these types of things to support the local food scene...But damned if I'm going to pay $8 for a pound of strawberries when I can get them for sale at Kroger for $1. Everything is 2-4x more expensive than conventional groceries. I can understand paying a little more, but I can't do that kind of mark-up.
just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction.  normally, i have had the best experiences there. . . all have been very cooperative and helpful.  but, i guess they are so successful that they are becoming arrogant.  here's the rub:  my hubby sent me a picture of a chandelier they had; i did not see the picture until 30 minutes later; by then he had left the store.  i called to BUY the chandelier over the phone.  this has been done before (we WERE construction junction junkies).  the lady adamantly refused to help me. she adamantly refuesed to even listen to a description of the fixture!  she gave the following excuses:" well, if you have been here in the last 12 years, you know how this place works";  "I can't go back there and try to find out what you want"; "i am the only one on the floor"; "this is first come, first serve"; "if your husband comes in and it is still here, then we'll sell it to him"  "how will i know which one it is - we have so many back there..." .... i could hear the smirk in her voice as she enjoyed blowing me off. . .  i even offered to send her the picture my husband sent me via email - she refused.  keep in mind, i wanted to pay for the item.  my husband cannot go back to construction junction today. . . most likely the item will be gone. . . it would have been nice had this  sales agent been more helpful - especially when it was clear how badly i wanted to buy the fixture.  she did not express any concern whatsoever for my requests:  (like, so sorry, i can't help you at the moment, please call back and i'll try to accomodate; give me a brief description and i'll try to find it... etc.).  sometimes, even if you can't accomodate someone, it's how you say it that makes all the difference.  construction junction will implode if it begins to treat its customers indifferently.
I bought a 3 piece dorm set last week (bed,chest,desk and I was supposed to get a chair for the desk  ) I didn't have a truck when I bought it ,so they would store it for a week for $5. Not bad. When I paid the guy behind the counter said they were bundling sets in the back ,that they were all pretty much the same and decent quality,like the ones on the floor. Great ,thanks ,fine with me.  Yesterday I rented a van to pick up my stuff. I had a  surly,rude guy take my receipt ,disappear for a while ,then come back and was really irritated that I hadn't moved my van. Well you didn't tell me to,and not sure how this process works. Then what really set him off is that I was there alone and he had to move my stuff. I am able to help move ,I just couldn't do it alone. But he grabbed piece by piece and got it on the truck. At the end I said thank you and I got a final glare.  Getting the stuff home ,it looked like they took the 3 most banged up pieces and bundled them for me. Not anything like the pieces on the floor. I get it it's used,it's as-is ,but did I have to get all 3 pieces in that condition and also be made to feel like a piece of crap because I need help ?  I try never to be that person who finds issues with everything,but I left there feeling embarrassed and upset. I didn't need to be treated that way , Just thought you should know.
Sub-par setting quality, infrequent wall resetting, inconsistent grading, poor climate control, poor air quality (no chalk filter), silly rule where they make everyone wear paper wristbands before entry. + 1 star because they are finally installing air conditioning.
There are some really good things to say about the climbing wall, but overall I was quite disappointed.  I wanted to like this place, so I'll start with the positive aspects.    First of all, the gym in pretty cheap.  And the bouldering area is really quite good.  To be honest, this should only be a bouldering gym. There were a lot of different volumes, nice routes, some top outs, and a good cave area.  Even a small crack with a few problems set on it.   It seems like whoever is in charge of setting the boulder problems really has some talent.  I might be back to bolder once in a blue moon.  The other climbers here were pretty cool, so the place might have a good vibe/community aspect.    Now the downsides.  The staff wasn't very helpful.  The rules regarding the top rope area are nonsensical, and the only reasoning offered up was insurance. I wanted to belay for a friend, but he wasn't allowed in the top rope area unless belay tested. Belay testing also cost $5, and I hate when gyms charge for a test.  It's poor form.   The ropes aren't doubled up, and with the short wall it gives way too much pull.  They require you to clip into daisy chains on the ground.  I wanted to lead climb, but there was no one at the gym that could give a lead test. The TR routes were really hit or miss, a lot of them just confusing and not fun. They aren't rated properly, just easy, medium, or hard.   The walls are painted plywood, so smearing is basically impossible.  Further, I question if the holds have ever been cleaned.  Some of them are so polished to the point that it's dangerous.    There's only once changing room, and overall the place isn't very clean.  I believe there is some potential here, but it seems to be mismanaged and on the whole, a missed opportunity.
Service was okay, at best. I wouldn't go there again.  They quoted me at thousands of dollars of repairs for my car to pass inspection.  I took it somewhere else and had it done for a fraction of the quote.
Lamb burger was outright bad(tasted off and charred). We shared and together only ate half. The filet was decent but not $25 worth of decent. Waiter was kind and the ambience is romantic but at the end of the day the food just wasn't that good. There are lots of great byo's in the city and in my opinion, this isn't one of them.
I was underwhelmed with our dining experience. We are just learning Portuguese for an upcoming trip to Brazil and were excited about the option of using some of the vocab we had learned.  Menu was somewhat limited, although we didn't try any starters which many of the other reviews state are the best offerings on the menu. I ordered the seafood stew and my husband had the chicken dish. The stew had seafood: clams, mussels, shrimp, scallops, and some type of summer sausage, but not much else. The broth was oily. My husband's chicken was prepared adequately; however the rice it was paired with was extremely underdone while the veggies were over-cooked and mushy.   I might go back once more with a bottle of wine for appetizers only but for the price I will dine on entrees elsewhere.
Cafe Zinho is a cute little restaurant tucked away on a street corner in Shadyside that serves up Portuguese food. Everything looked great on the menu, but execution was flawed through out our meal. Also, their dishes are not really Portuguese.  For appetizers, we got chicken livers and portuguese bread pudding with mushroom cream sauce. The chicken livers lacked flavor, which is unfortunate because chicken livers on their own are not very tasty. The bread pudding was pretty good though.  Entrees were, on the whole, not impressive. The lamb chops were obviously over cooked (we ordered medium rare, and the insides were almost fully cooked). The duck breast which people raved about online were tough and the sauce was too sweet. The seafood stew lacked flavor. The lamb burger was also overcooked.
Underwhelmed!! Very pricey food, cash only, average food. This is the first time I've been here and really have no reason to go back. To be fair, what they put in your food is quality stuff: the lamb and duck we had are nice pieces of meat, but they are not made into the type of dishes you'd expect for something worth ~$25 a piece. To the owner: either cut your cost and sell things for cheaper or improve the cooking! If you really need to save the 2-3% of credit card charges to get the profit you want, you are either too greedy or too bad of a manager.
The art museum is pretty nice; the carriage and car museum is cool; and it's neat to walk through the greenhouse.  Those are free.  However, nothing really separates the $12 house tour from other house tours.  Like the other ones, the docents don't focus on anything interesting, like history or the architecture or the building itself.  They focus on some family story that may only be of passing interest because the family is rich.  Kind of like hearing about Paris Hilton or the Kardashians.  B-o-r-i-n-g. And what kind of tourist attraction doesn't allow pictures?
I am a jack of all trades and a do it yourself-er at heart. While in college I worked as a promotional photographer for my very dear friends salon. As a barter service she always did my hair for free! !0 years I had this deal going on. As you can imagine I was pretty spoiled and didn't want to start paying to get my hair did. I began coloring it myself. Now as a licensed skin care specialist you pick things up from the cosmetologists working with you.  I killed it, fried it and melted it. My hair was in dire straights! I have dark hair but I love being a red head. Marcia Cross red to be exact. Whoops! Lightening that many levels should not ever be done by a novice. What can I say?  I'm stubborn that way, and think I can do it all!   I reached out to Emilio for help! I have to say that after many hours of laying down color he managed to make my hair healthy again and I left feeling like a movie star. A red headed movie star! I was flipping my hair all the way to the parking garage and even did a photo-shoot later that evening. Yes I did a photo-shoot because I needed a professional head shot for my work portfolio.   I don't know if I'm being too harsh but my hair did turn out much darker than I had wanted it to be. I know sometimes it is hard to predict the outcome when mixing chemistries.   The other problem I had was the price tag, or the surprise when I went to pay. $250.00 for a color correction! I know this is normal sometimes when fixing the damage but it is also crucial to give your client some kind of idea on payment. I had gone in for color estimated at around $70. I think they did a decent job but for that money It should have been closer to what I asked for. Needless to say I haven't been back but would recommend in a jam.
I came in on a Groupon.  They were kind to squeeze me in the same day I called and within the hour.  However when I got there, it appeared the stylist didn't know yet so when the one receptionist left to tell him, the other said to her, "He's going to kill you."  Granted, I didn't know what they were talking about... but whatever that statement meant, it didn't make me feel welcomed. But when the stylist washed my hair, he literally only massaged the shampoo into half of my head, rinsed it out for 10 seconds, and finished "washing my hair" in the speediest time ever. He also went on to give me the fastest haircut I've ever had.  When I asked for side bangs, he basically refused and just trimmed my hair that would be side bangs.  And when I told him my that my hair is naturally shiny and I don't like products in it, he still put oil in my hair without asking.  He was nice and did a nice job blow-drying my hair, but I was very disappointed with my cut.
I have lived in the area of Page's Dairy Mart for about 40 yrs. I have always enjoyed the ice cream until" this" day. I ordered an artic swirl (chocolate ice cream with chocolate chip cookie dough) I have ordered this same item over and over again. When I took first taste, no chocolate chip cookie dough pieces, second taste, same thing, third taste, same thing and so on for approximately 5 or 6 tastes. I took the cup with remaining up to counter and asked them to remake, I was denied told it would waste "their" money, nothing about mine, what I had ordered was more expensive than plain chocolate ice cream. They dumped what was in the medium cup into a small and handed back to me. Well it wasn't even a medium desert, since it fit into a small cup. I even tipped the girl $2 when I first received my desert. I will never return, to make any other purchases. I will however return to express my disdain to the owner when I can find him there. I hope he reads this.
Over-hyped. I thought that Page's tasted like an average soft-serve ice cream shop. I was also surprised about the lack of flavors that they offered, there was no cookies and cream or sorbets.  I ordered a small Chocolate Chip ice cream with rainbow sprinkles and my boyfriend ordered the Strawberry Shortcake sundae. My Chocolate Chip ice cream tasted identical to Breyer's boxed ice cream from the grocery store. I may have ordered the wrong item but because it is soft-serve ice cream they don't offer samples. My boyfriend had the Strawberry Shortcake sundae which had 3 pieces of cake on the bottom, 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream, strawberry syrup, strawberries (not fresh), almonds and whipped cream. It was huge and they didn't allow him to swap flavors or make any adjustments.  Maybe my expectations of Page's were too high, but when I had heard about this ice cream shop whose line wrapped down the street I knew I had to check this place out. When I went on a Friday night there was no line and the ice cream was sub-par.
I don't understand the big hype over this place. I think (like many other Pittsburgh places) that this is a "Pittsburgh thing".   I'm also not a fan of soft served ice cream.
A good Family Dollar this is NOT! Every time I enter this lackluster (and may I add DIRTY) location, there is a 50/50 chance of the following: a) that the store will only be about half stocked, or b) that their stock order has arrived, meaning that you now have the pleasure of tripping over pallets and large dollies full of unopened stock boxes everywhere (which includes right in the middle of the aisles).  The regular cashiers are rude or flat out gross (one time the cashier was "joking" about killing herself as she was ringing out customers). The only employees that treat you decently are the ones that I notice have been there for years. The neighborhood itself is in disarray but I find that a poor excuse for this Family Dollar location to continuously be in such poor condition, as there is a Rite Aid RIGHT NEXT DOOR to this location that treats itself with respect and dignity.  I am forced to keep visiting this cesspool of a Family Dollar location solely out of convenience. I don't have a car and the next nearest Family Dollar is a 45 minute walk (a bit far when all you need is some cold medicine and dish soap). But you can bet the second my family obtains a vehicle, this "Family" will be kissing my dollars goodbye!
Maybe I went on a bad night, but the service was stunningly bad.  Water glasses stayed empty for almost 15 minutes!  Ordered 5 dishes, all pretty average.  The tab:  $300+.  I won't be back.
Seated in the bar after having made reservations a week in advance. That, paired with a mediocre menu and overall experience, gives this two stars. Save your money and stay in town. I would probably send you to the (gasp) Olive Garden before I referred you here.
My boyfriend & I went to Alla Famiglia for our (late) Valentine's Day dinner last night. We don't go out & splurge like this often, so we were really excited for a special dinner. The food was out of this world (bread & sides, salad, pasta alla vodka and veal chop Milanese), but the service was absolute garbage. I've seriously been treated better at a TGIFriday's. We waited, pretty much unattended to, at the bar until 8:20 for an 8:00 reservation. Once seated, I practically had to beg for a wine list. We called a cab at the end of our meal and decided to get drinks & wait back at the bar. The cab was taking forever, so we called a different company. As my boyfriend was talking with the cab company, a waitress walked by. We heard her walk into the kitchen and loudly announce to the rest of the staff, "UGH, those people at the bar are JUST now ordering a cab." It was 10:30. On a Saturday night.  I don't know if it was the fact that we were some of the youngest patrons in there (early/mid 20s), but we felt talked down to and disrespected the entire time. Maybe if we were in our 50s like everyone else, they would've treated us like adults.  When I plunk down $160 for one of the most highly-recommended restaurants around, I expect to be treated like I'm spending $160 at your restaurant. Despite how great the food was, I won't be returning. SO disappointed.
I do not say this with many 2 star ratings but I would like to go back for another try.  The reason is simple, in reading the reviews below, I have to assume we hit Alla Famigilia on a bad night, at least I hope so.  The main reason for the low rating was the service.  We were seated on the third floor which is their bar area, at a high top table and the bar tender was our server.  She had to mix drinks for every table on the third floor, tend to the patrons at the bar and come around to wait on our table.  That was not fair to her and definitely not fair to us.  Her service and attentiveness lacked for obvious reasons but even when she was "free" she walked by our table without a glance and was apparently hard of hearing.  Furthermore, when ever one person got her attention for another drink or something, she said okay and left, without giving anyone else a chance to order.  The rest of the staff tried to pick up the slack a little but they were jammed as well.  Sounds weird, but I never felt so rushed in a 3 hour dinner.  The food took awhile, which is fine and expected on a busy Saturday night, just keep the drinks flowing and stop by once in a awhile so we don't notice.  I also did not like that we were seated at a high top table.  I love the high tops for drinks and a few apps but for a 3 hour meal, these were uncomfortable, especially if your legs didn't hit the chair cross bars correctly (either too short or too tall).  The food was good, very good in some instances and disappointing in one.  I loved the pasta with Vodka sauce and the salad, both part of the entree which is unusual for a high end restaurant.  The meatball appetizer and the calamari and shrimp appetizer were the best things I ate all evening.  The biggest disappointment was the veal chop.  I love a good bone in veal chop but was leaning towards a seafood dish. I ended up changing my mind right before I ordered as I saw the veal chop brought out to another table and it looked amazing.  The disappointment was it was over-cooked.  It came out medium well at best (closer to well) and for $68, and for the amount they were serving that night, they should know how to cook them to perfection.  Not a spot of pink to be found.  No one even asked us during our meal if everything was okay or any issues.  When most of the chop remained on my plate and everyone else's entree was 90% eaten, not even a "was everything okay".  Just clear me out and get on with the next one.  I hope to have the opportunity to go back and I will not be seated in the third floor bar area and I will not get my same waitress and give it another try.  I expected so much more.
Well, the delivery was fast at least. Everything else was yucky. Avoid!
I was thrilled to finally find a yelp review with 4 stars and only one dollar sign on Yelp in the South Hills. Moving from LA recently where for some reason EVERYTHING is more expensive... except nail salons! Now, I am by no means, a spa rat but I do like to pamper the toes every now and again. So one afternoon when I had some spare time, I gave them a try. I was totally underwhelmed. From nail polish in the front with dust on it (how long have they been there?) To sitting in a spa chair with ripped upholstery I felt neither pampered nor impressed. I MIGHT have looked beyond such things because of the affordable price till I got home and realized that my nails hadn't been cut short as I had very clearly asked nor had she taking care of an ingrown toenail. A week later I had to cut my own toes and ruin my all right looking pedicure. This place doesn't feel clean or inviting. The decor was junkie and old and cluttered. I will say that everyone was very friendly and they did take me right away when I walked in. I was really pulling for you, Future Nails. But sadly, I don't see you at all in my future. 1.5 Stars
If it wasn't for how fast and affordable the place is It would have no stars at all. I got a fill and a fix because I broke a nail. First off they didn't cut down my nails so now they are obnoxiously long. Second off they are so thin I feel like they are just going to crack off.  Not to mention it seems very dirty.. I was very uncomfortable the whole time I was there. One of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me. I will not be returning again.
I would never get my nails done here again...they are always very busy, the wait time is too long, I've just left because it was taking too long...They are very pricey! They charge for everything they do to your nails...if you get a design they will charge per lines on nails. If you get a white manicure full set and want colored lines underneath it, they charge for extra for the colored lines. They aren't very friendly there at all either.
Had chicken salad. Was good but very pricey. Their pizza is about 20-30% more expensive than any comparable pizza in the area. And since the pizza is just mediocre it is definitely not a good value so I'll pass!
I recently bought my first motorcycle (a 2001 KTM Duke II) and found Bohn's when searching online for KTM dealers. I went in with the intention of buying a jacket, helmet and gloves. Their store is pretty nice inside, and they have a good selection of gear (mostly dirt-oriented though).   I wasn't quite sure what I wanted, so I asked a lady for some assistance in picking out a helmet. She was helpful, and recommended a jacket that would be usable in different types of weather. However, a friend who was with me said he had a different type of jacket (which they also sold), and she commented that the "hated" that jacket and that the liner was "nothing more than a glorified garbage bag." Ok...  We also talked to a guy at the register about a '96 KTM 300 MXC that my friend just bought, and asked a simple question about a clutch cable. The guy seemed totally disinterested and clueless, and I'm not really sure if he even knew what a clutch was. He ended the conversation by saying that my friend should just throw his bike away because it was so old. What!?  Even after that, I still bought a jacket from them and ordered a helmet I liked that they had assured me would be in later that week. I then got a call from them a few days later saying that the helmet was no longer available, but that I could pick another style. I then just ordered the helmet online and went back the next day to get a refund.  I wanted to like this place, but between the thinly-veiled insults and seemingly clueless repair staff, I don't think I'll ever return. Their prices and selection are pretty decent, so if you are in the area and know what you want, it might be OK to stop by and pick something up. If you have any alternative, though, I would avoid this place.
The service here can be hit-or-miss, but more often than not, I don't have problems. Usually, when my friend and I stop by, we're waited on by the same server, and our food comes up relatively quickly. It's always fresh, too. Unfortunately, when they get busy, it creates problems because they don't have a stock of anything prepared, which in turn creates delays. Their cashiers have a habit of walking away from the counter in the evening, leaving customers waiting for however long it takes them to notice someone is standing there. While I understand that they have to clean up the restaurant for closing, there should always be someone to watch the counter.  As a side note, their drive-thru speaker went down about a month ago and still hasn't been repaired. It creates delays at the drive-thru window for placing orders, especially later in the evening due to above mentioned cashier habits.
Someone please change the cooking oil!! With the construction on Rt. 51, it has been a very long time since I decided to put up with the craziness that makes up this intersection. A nagging for fried fish however, sent my daughter, and me to this LJS. Mistake number 1 was ignoring the deserted parking lot. Mistake number 2, was placing an order at the drive thru, and eating our 2 piece fish and more dinners, after the smell of old cooking oil put a damper on our nagging for fried fish.  The service at the drive thru was friendly, the girl at the window friendly, but the smell of old cooking oil, not so much. Not a soul in sight at this LJS. Yes, there are other places to get great fried fish, and after our experience, perhaps it's time to let this LJS walk the plank off our list. The fish was edible, not the usual crunchy, crumbly LJS fish. The hush puppies were soggy from either drowning in old oil too long, or sitting under heat lamps too long. The fries, endured the same sad torture as the others. Cheap, yes, but not worth the money, or Rt. 51 traffic anymore.
I had heard a lot about their food and decided to check it out one night after purchasing a Groupon. This review is strictly for the food. It was not good. The hummus was okay, and our main plate seemed to be microwaved.   The bar ambiance seemed cool though. So if you are looking for a bar atmosphere, I'd probably rate this 3.5 stars. For dinner, not that great.
Unfortunately, I was not all that impressed with Bernie's.  It's a shame it's the only real photography store in the city, but they could definitley do better.  As part of a black and white photography class, I needed to pick up film and photo paper, among a few other things.  While Bernie's had everything I needed (and lots of other supplies) I didn't feel all that appreciated for coming in.  I spent a couple hundred bucks and felt like I was being shuffled out the door as quickly as possible.  I will give the one guy at the counter some credit because a woman right before me asked to get a roll or two of film developed in just barely an hour.  I could tell he wanted to get to it quickly, but still felt like I was hassling the guy just being there.  I hate to see real camera stores shut down, but unless I'm in a pinch I'm probably going to order supplies online from now on.
Up-charges most of their products that you can find on B&H for way less money. Sales person treated me like I was a very inexperienced. Not a bad place if you're in need of camera gear without a moments notice, but overall definitely order offline.
Visiting from San Francisco. Food was mediocre at best. Bland is the best description.  Sausages and  Weiner Schmitzel were unremarkable. Best was the sweet & sour cabbage that accompanied. But also served were over-boiled 'daily vegetable' of snap peas, asparagus, and red peppers.... to the point that they were losing their color. Good beer. Yes it has old photos of days gone by... but really there seemed no joy here now...
Great atmosphere of a neighborhood pub, good German beer selection, but food was less than mediocre.  Won't be back. Weisswurst was very bland.  Sauerbraten was dry and tasteless.  Spaetzle was, well, not tradidional German Spaetzle.  Schnitzel and purple cabbage  were the high points, but then again, it's hard to screw up a fried veal cutlet.
Let me preface this by saying that my understanding of goulash came from what my mom called goulash.  Goulash in the Contrucci household was made of elbow noodles, beef and spaghetti sauce.  I guess you can't believe everything your parents tell you right?    So going in here, I was thinking, great...mom's goulash!  What was set in front me looked NOTHING like what I was used to.  It was a mish mosh of veggies,noodles, gravy and some random unidentifiable food items.  I usually eat whatever is put in front of me, so I wasn't scared to dive it.  Sadly, I just didn't like it.  I thought it was actually not very appetizing at all.  I know, I know, this is like "world famous" goulash, but I was NOT into it!    What I was into was the German Potato Salad.  I love it, and honestly, I feel like I never get the same version of it anywhere in the Burgh.  This was a no frills version, with scallop sliced potatoes and a thick vinegar sauce.  Maybe a bit too much, but not enough for me to eat it all!    Would I go back? If someone else really wanted to go there, but I wouldn't suggest it nor would I go on my own.  Oh well, on to the next one right?
I was highly disappointed. I heard rave reviews about the food but it was no where near as good as it was made out to be. I got the yagersnitzel. While the sauce was excellent, the veal was very hard to cut with a knife. It was also not pounded evenly and raw on the thick end. The spatzel was soggy, mushy and not drained properly. It was swimming in water. The rolls must have been refrigerated and were ice cold. The relish and apple butter were great however.  I also do have to say the German potato salad was dynamite.   We also ordered a spicy bloody mary and were given what tasted like watered down bloody mary mix  and vodka with nothing else in it. It was bad...the you can't drink it kind of bad. We had to spice them up ourselves with Worcestershire and Tabasco plus add salt and pepper to get them to taste OK.   I will note their servers were excellent. I have no complaints at all about the service!  My husband has eaten there before and was sorely disappointed as well. I don't know if it was a bad day, but I'd be weary of spending another $75 for lunch for 3 people and getting sub par food and a bar that can't pull off a basic drink. I hate to say, buy I got better German food at Hofbrahaus (sp?)
Not sure why my review was flagged but I can assure that I,m not an employee or another restaurant making trouble for a competitor, just an average consumer that lives on the Northside .          When will I ever learn. I really want to like this place. It's a cool building with neat old fashion feel to it. But the food is mediocre at best.The last time I was there I got what they called German goulash. I have had this made for me by real German cooks so I have a good idea what it's supposed to taste like and this isn't it. It was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots. The gravy wasn't a rich and savory, it was canned or packaged with I don't even know what spices in it. When I complained to the waitress she said that most people don't like it either. She asked me if I wanted something else but I was in a hurry and ate the meat after I scraped the gravy off of it. I have been to this place 1 or 2 times a year and I have had undercooked potato pancakes, greasy rubins and cold sausages. The only thing I can say is really good is the spinach salad with warm bacon dressing. It is a bit over priced for the size, but it is always really good.  Sunday brunch A neighbor talked me into going here for the brunch and I was glad she did. For an all you can eat brunch they do a nice job keeping things stocked and fresh. The omelet chef was very good making stuff just as you asked him for, yum. The sausage is great and the bacon is cooked in a range of doneness that everyone can find. So, for dinner and lunch my original 2 stars stand but the Sunday brunch is a solid 4 1/2 stars.
I have stopped going to Max's for regular meals because the food isn't so good but a friend likes to go for Sunday brunch.I find a good portion of the food is acceptable for the brunch,except the food is not kept hot or even warm on the buffet. Cold kielbasi and sauerkraut is a turn off even though it would be great if it was warmer.  The chef that makes the eggs and omelets to order is really good and the sausage is the best. The bacon and the chicken needs to be cooked a little longer as they are always half raw. So much of what they have would be good if it was kept at least warm. Since they have it in chaffing dishes, I've found that the food comes out cold from the kitchen. Makes you wonder just how safe the kitchen is.
This used to be the best German food in town. I have seen a gradual decline in the food over the past several years. The gravies have changed and the Max's Goulash (one of my favorite dishes) has a different sauce (strangely dessert sweet) and change in the protein. The sides are still great, but the food used to be so much better.
Max's was good, but I've had better.  The restaurant is located in a tired part of town. It isn't in a bad area, but I'm not sure how I would feel eating there after dark. When you walk in you walk through the tavern portion of the restaurant, which is dark and gloomy. We were escorted to the rear of the tavern, which is covered in B&W pictures from the 40's, which gives it a old world tired feeling.  The menu choices were standard faire for a true german restaurant. I had Max's Goulash, which said it came with spaetzle, but it is piled in the bottom of the bowl and not on the side, which was okay. The goulash was too vinegary for my tastes, but it was okay.  My wife's Jaeger Schnitzel was good, but I've had better at Das Wald Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/das-waldcafe-newport-news).
I cant believe Max's is going from 5 stars to 2 stars for me.  Understand, I loved this place.  Over the years we have had so many family dinners here including my sisters rehearsal dinner, that it's almost become like eating at a relatives house.  But now that relative has gone senile and needs to go to a nursing home, and they can't cook anymore.  For the past two years, every time we come here we say, "This just isn't as good as I remember."  For starters, the food is always served cold.  Don't believe me?  I hope you enjoy tepid knackwurst and cold mashed potatoes.  BTW, to whoever makes their mashed potatoes, you have to boil the potatoes before you mash them.  Yesterday they were undercooked, gritty, and gross.  In fact, all of the food is becoming gross.  My friend got the roasted beef and what came out looked like a cold cut covered with a congealed beef gravy that had bits of carrots in it.  wtf was that????  I'm done.  This place has gone down hill.  You need a new chef, immediately.  Max's is a North Side institution but there are so many new, better restaurants opening up that they really need to up their game.  PS--thanks for the nausea and hurling about 6 hours after dinner.
BEWARE OF THE KETCHUP.  My family has always loved Max's; we've been going there since I was a child, and my sister even had her rehearsal dinner there.  So imagine my dismay when we tried brunch there today, and they gave me a botulism-filled bottle of ketchup that exploded black crud all over my shirt.  Then, they didn't even do anything to make it up to me.  The brunch was also very sub-standard; everything was cold.  Not even the potato pancakes tasted good.  I've had better meals at the complimentary continental buffet at the Holiday Inn.  But perhaps part of the meal was also tainted by the fact that I couldn't get the thought of their negligence for food contamination out of my head.  Who knows how long that sour cream had been sitting out!  I'm really disappointed; I had really enjoyed going to Max's up to this point.  Don't think we'll be back!
Frequent visitor. The place is definitely starting to slip food wise. Had a turkey rueben that had about 1 slice of turkey on it and not much else.fries are always soggy these days. I'll stick with the happy hour with half price apps. Daughter had the schnitzel which she said was very greasy which shouldn't be the norm. My water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it. Server was good though . Thank God for the staff .
Disappointed. These guys do unlimited $5 wings in Tuesday, and their sauces are great; but this is the second time I've been here that they've run out, this time by 8PM, and I didn't even get started!  Hope they get this figured out soon: I'm hungry!!
I was very specific when I made my reservations several months ago. I needed a non-entrance level room away from noise. We were given a room right off of the hotel Foyer. It is mid-night and a party rages just outside my door even though I have called the front desk asking for their assistance. Right now I would prefer to be in a Motel6.  This room was relatively not cheap, it should have at least been cut-rate given out only as a last resort.  The next time I am in Pittsburgh it will not include a stay at The Priory, which is a shame because besides this issue it is a nice place. But if you are considering staying at this hotel why take the chance. While the party continues and I am getting no help from the front desk I am tempted to lower my rating to a single star. But, hey, I can always catch up on my sleep tomorrow night.
booked through a third party site and they tried to stick us in a queen room even though they had plenty of kings available. definitely gave attitude about it but "upgraded" anyway. he wanted to charge me the difference but I refused. just bad service overall. no one to help with bags morning or night. even the day front desk person was short with us and rude. I couldn't wait to get out of there. the room was clean and charming. the area is definitely rough. I wouldn't stay here again.
First I would like to say the Pasta Too of old had good food, this was just average.  The italian and mushroom steak hoagies weren't that great.  The steak was so chopped that it kept falling out of the bun.  The pizza wasn't that good either.  The prices are higher than the food was good. $6.25 for 7" italian and $7.50 for 7" mushroom steak. So not worth it but I guess they figure they can get from the people who work at the hospital and with all the new housing going up.  I will not get anything from there again.
Inconsistent again. The last 2 hoagies I've gotten here is again only mediocre. The meat doesn't have much flavor and the hoagie sauce tastes like a little olive oil with nothing else, again very plain.  The bread is the best part, which is really sad.  I still like their buffalo pizza better than Franks, but who knows what it's going to be like if quality is slipping.  I guess I will have to go to the deli and pick up the stuff for a homemade hoagie when I feel like having one. For 9 bucks I think I can make a pretty good hoagie for myself and family.
I ordered lunch from Ron's Pizza Palace after a staff member of theirs visited my work's building to promote Ron's to nearby businesses. The staff member gave us all a menu and mentioned a discount we could use for the day, so my coworkers and I figured we'd give them a try. And...I was pretty underwhelmed.   For starters, a couple people definitely had problems ordering due to a poor connection or something like that. Fine. It happens. But then when our food eventually arrived the poor deliveryman told me that he had no idea how much my lunch cost. Fortunately, I'd gotten that info when I ordered. But what in the world did he plan on doing if I hadn't calculated my payment in advance? Would I have had to call in to sort out their staff's mistake? Would I have just handed the guy a random amount of money and waved him off? I have no idea.  And the food itself certainly left a lot to be desired. I had ordered mozzarella sticks as an appetizer, but they did not impress me. The cheese was anything but gooey, and I ended up eating a couple sticks in one bite because the cheese simply wouldn't rip apart when I bit into it. The batter on the sticks also left a pretty bad aftertaste in my mouth, so much so that I chugged Coke after every bite to try to make up for it.   As for the sandwiches, my coworkers complained that their hoagies all came with too much mayo - one girl had even asked for her mayo to come on the side. No such luck: it came on her sandwich just like everyone else. As for me, the ranch I had asked to go with my buffalo chicken hoagie didn't even arrive. I used some from the company fridge. And the ranch was the only way I could eat the sandwich, which was drowning in buffalo sauce and could have been taken out of their toaster a lot sooner - entire sections of my sandwich's bread shouldn't break off when I bite into it, but that's what happens when you over toast something so badly...and is what happened here.  I currently don't plan on ordering from this place again. This is a prime example of "you get what you pay for" - and personally I'd prefer to spend a couple extra dollars for a tastier and more satisfying lunch.
Small, overcrowded, unfriendly staff.  The food is okay - typical Italian fair that could be better seasoned.   There are much better options nearby, but in a pinch, it's decent.
OK, so based off the recommendation of my date, I thought  that I would like Legends North Shore but I left dinner disappointed and in need of a mint to mask the over abundance of garlic (salt) that I had consumed.  This restaurant is in a prime location on the North Side and has plenty of opportunity to capitalize on the growth in the area. That said, allow me to jump into some of the minuses:  Beans and Greens appetizer - I love beans and greens, but was shocked by the amount of garlic the chef added. Actually, I don't think it was garlic...I believe it was garlic salt (a huge no-no) Don't get me wrong, I love garlic, but there was so much that it killed a simple, rustic dish.  Blackened Shrimp Pasta - My date and I shared this dish. This dish tasted as though an entire container of garlic salt had accidentally been dropped onto the plate before being served. The shrimp and pasta, however, were cooked well. Had the chef backed off the garlic he would have presented a more edible dinner. i was not in the mood to send this dish back to the kitchen, but did call this out to the waitress once our meal concluded.  The restaurant is cute, in a great location, and service is friendly and prompt. These are all important things to me, but quality and taste takes precedence.  Unfortunately, Legends just didn't do it for me.  Would I go back? Most likely not. There are far too many other Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh that I would like to give a try.
Its okay, but it was just ok.    There's a $4 per person corking fee which caught us off guard.  We were expecting that would be for the table.  We started with the polenta and the mozzarella.  The mozzarella was unremarkable, deep friend mozzarella in breading.  Of course it was good, it is fried cheese!  But it was nothing special.  The polenta was a real stand out, tasted home made and was delicious.  They give you garlic olive oil and garlic bread sticks to dip in the oil.  This was free so I'm not complaining, but that just seemed a heavy and oily combo to me.  Also, the breadsticks were covered in rosemary, and I loathe rosemary.  My friend had the special, pan seared shrip over pesto penne, and she loved it.  I had this chicken dish with apricots and it was ... alright.  It was good but I felt like the searing on the chicken could have made this dish excellent.  Overall I would come here again but maybe I'd stick with a staple like chicken parmigana.
Watch out for the cold table in the pit In spite of requesting a move, we were told all tables were booked.Of course that was not true. Prices were inflated for  a limited valentines Day Menu. I have been there many times in past, and raved about it to friends. Never again, they are off my list.
Legends is a an old style American-Italian restaurant. The restaurant is so small and they have a problem with managing customers. People who came in with reservations waited for at least 20 minutes to get seated to their tables. Other people who walked-in were seated immediately if they promise "to eat in less than an hour" I guess they have reservations for other people for the same table but they want to get customers anyway. I was able to witness all of that because I was seated on the bar table which has the cashier/host. The food was less than average. I tried 3 different orders + desserts, nothing was impressing.
First time here. My parents raved about this place and how great the spots are.   We arrived at 6:45 in a sat night and were promptly seated at our table.  We ordered an app and unfortunately this is where our problems began. They brought mussels instead of our mozzarella sticks. But this was quickly corrected.   They were fair. We had the Brussel sprouts which were under cooked and did not have any Parmesan cheese on them. Plus they were mixed in with large random pieces of lettuce. So odd!   I was actually looking forward to the special. Ribeye topped with shrimp. But unfortunately they had already sold out of the special. Amazing since it was so early on in the night and nothing else in the menu looked good. It was all traditional oily foods.   Plus who can't make a veal or chick parm. It's the easiest thing to make.   My parents had the spots and the portion was sooooo small and came on an plate all by itself. I give them a 1 for presentation.   The best part of the meal was the wine. Oh yeah it was byob. So I guess I did a good job at picking out the wine. Haha.   Service was nice and friendly. And she did apologize multiple times about the food. But did nothing to make up for it.   Won't be back anytime soon.
Good food, nothing too "amazing", a bit overpriced for what they offer, but a good little quaint place to eat. Salad looked very nice, although they were stingy on the dressing, also only have 2 kind of dressings; Balsamic and ranch. Soups could have been a bit more full in the cups. I had the fettuccine Alfredo, and it was in all honesty an average meal of fettuccine, wasn't too impressed with it. But hey, if you're looking to try something new and don't mind spending a few extra bucks, give it a try!
It's close to my neighborhood, hence the 2 star.  but seriously, it's like Walmart stuff at Whole Food's price. for the same item, it charges substantially higher (~40%+) than Target -which is not even known for cheap grocery.   I still go there because it's close, and I go for specific items on sale so it's not bad. But overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason! which is probably the reason it gets on my nerve the most! over the years I've frequented many pricy groceries: Andronico's (CA), Morton Williams (NY), Wegman (MD), and Whole Foods everywhere - and these stores all had one common quality: they carry nice stuff! When I want to cook pretentious gourmet food, they have every ingredient ready. I don't expect every store to be cheap and carry good stuff like Trader Joe's, ergo I was never the one to oppose stores just because they're pricy. But this one is just pricy unjustifiably. You can over charge me on truffle oil and duck confit, but I'm not happy to be charged double on corn syrup and canola oil. Same brand, same item, nearly double the price. even the CVS downtown don't overcharge as much so don't say this is for the location. This is the definition of a rip off.
The only reason to shop here is that going anywhere else is out of your way. The prices our worse than other GE stores and I wonder why. The produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good . The store never looks very clean. I was hopeful a couple of years ago when the store was refurbished and it was nicer for a while but now it's back to it's old ways. I have friends that refuse to go there because of the scary parking lot where people sell "things" out of their cars and at the driveway exit. If there is outside cameras, the Pgh police should take a look. I wish there was an alternative to shop in the northside. Kuhns off Brighton rd is about the same except the prices are better.
I hate to agree with the other poor reviews of this branch, but this is definitely far from the best Eagle in the city. I'll say upfront that I never felt unsafe the three times that I have been here. However, the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor. The lines are always long and take forever to get through. Furthermore, the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par. I'd recommend stopping in another Giant Eagle if you can. However, this location DOES have a Redbox, which is nice.
I've had a lot of bad experiences at this store. The employees have been rude so much that I just expect them to roll there eyes when I get deli meat. Lines are long, and there's always a crowd of people hanging out front begging for money, cigarettes, or trying to sell their food stamps.   I have filed a complaint with corporate about this store before and I was contacted by a manager. I do have to say, that this manager really, sincerely cares about this store and customer experience. I talked to him for 20 minutes and he was polite and friendly. His name is Mr. Youngblood, and he urges you to ask for a manager if you're having a bad experience.  Produce selection is terrible, there is not a meat counter in store, and it's just feels dirty.   This is the only grocery store on the north side, so it's not as easy to "just go somewhere else" sometimes when you get off work, you don't want to drive 10 minutes to go to Kuhns on mcknight.
This is a small, franchise-owned location that caters to the predominantly low income households in the area. Selection is quite limited throughout the store with limited quantities on the shelf of the items they do carry. Because of the area in which it is located, the store is NOT 24-hours as most Giant Eagle's seem to be.   The pharmacy inside the store, unlike the store itself, is corporate owned, and it's staff is friendly and efficient. A stark contrast to the rest of the store.  Once again reflecting the relatively low income of the area this store serves, there will be one of more jitney's (unlicensed cabs, effectively) waiting outside the store willing to take you and your groceries home for a small fee.   In general, if you CAN shop somewhere else, you will probably want to.
It's upsetting that this Giant Eagle is in disarray.  The shelves are not stocked well, and last night there were broken bags of loose food in the frozen food section.  This neighborhood deserves better!    The location is convenient for me, I just wish the store was cleaner and better managed.  I've stopped in several times when the store is closed, the hours are not as expansive as many of the other Giant Eagles that I shop at.
I went here on a Saturday night with a few friends.  They had  a DJ so there was a cover of $3 - boo!  I'm really adverse to covers unless there's something really great going on and considering I had never been in this place before, I was taking a chance.  For those that know me, I'm not the gambling kind.    But I thought ok it's just $3 so it's not like I'd be going broke.  The music was fairly loud which made it difficult to talk and no one was dancing.  It wasn't overly crowded which made it easy to get drinks.    Am I glad I checked this place out - sure, but have I been to better dance clubs/bars - yes.  If you're in the area and looking for something to do, then check it out, but I wouldn't make a special trip to go here.
Get me some Peanutzz!! We decided on a whim to try something different for a bar and this place indeed was. Saturdays there is a cover for the DJ which was $3. This didn't seem so bad to me after coming from other cities where the covers are $15 and $20 and higher but I feel like the place could use the money. Peanutz is a small venue. The bar area is narrow and cramped then to the left of it there is a dark area where the DJ is along with some tables and then the stairs to the bathroom. If you weren't at the bar then people were just sitting at the tables starring at the DJ or at you... Maybe one or two people were dancing to the music. I thought the music was awesome though - a mix of old school and underground hip hop. Beers were so cheap - I think we paid $5 for three draft beers. Woot!! However some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross. My jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke. I won't be returning even if Peanutz offered some peanuts.
I am a pretty easygoing guy. I would've overlooked the fact(s) that:  1. Jim Beam is your only bourbon.  2. For some reason two drinks came out to $9.90.*  3. Even with only 10 people in the bar, the music was absolutely deafening.  4. You charge a $3 cover for no discernible reason. 5. Rolling blunts is apparently kosher inside the bar, but sharing, not so much.  However, I can't let this slide: your claw machine is BULLSHIT. That is the weakest claw of all time, and there's no chance it is EVER picking up anything in that cage. I feel violated, and I want my dollar back.  ___________  *I think that's some sort of weird PA tax thing.
To start, the bathrooms are DISGUSTING, with that being said I would never EAT anything here again.  This is a neighborhood bar for me.  I've been in here a handful of times, the crowd is never rowdy or out of control.  The bar area is clean and the restaurant has a very nice mellow atmosphere. I normally only drink Coor Light drafts which are 2.75!!! that's a lot of beer for less than 3 dollars.  I have had the wings in the past, before I saw what a disaster the bathrooms were.  They fry their wings to order and they come out hot and fresh.   The patrons are a older work crowd, not too may youngsters here.   I have enjoyed myself here and will probably be going back again this weekend.
I really wasn't thrilled with our meal here. The service was fine, although a bit slow for a not-so-busy Wednesday night. We started with the breaded zucchini, which was about 90% breading, 10% zucchini. The breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable.  I had the parmesan crusted chicken with pasta, which seemed to be coated in the same breading they used on the zucchini, still too heavy and altogether flavorless. The chicken was cooked perfectly though, it just needed some spices and salt and pepper for goodness sake. The pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though. My husband was not thrilled with his pasta primavera, which was, strangely enough, very spicy (though the server did warn us about this beforehand, to her credit) and again, not much flavor and many of the veggies not cooked thoroughly.
The food is good and the portions are large.  The service is terrible.  The servers are just "too cool," to show any sort of hospitality.  No personality or spark.  I don't know if they hate working there or hate serving people.  It's puzzling.  Why be in the service business if you have a bad attitude?  I have been here a couple of times and it doesn't change.  They just look at you blankly, like they don't understand what you are saying.  I've never had a staring contest with a hostess before.  It's bizarre.  I wonder if they are all on Xanax...
I feel bad about giving this place such a meh review but every time I go that's exactly how I feel when I leave. Atria's is one of those places that I've never had any type of memorable service experience or food experience for that matter.  I can't say the food is bad, but it's not really great either. I will say the service is always so. It's almost as if they don't realize you have other places to go; you can just sit at their restaurant all day. On the upside the busboy's and girls are hounding your table filling your water glass after taking a sip. So if you're a horse you won't go thirsty.  Honestly though. you are better off eating the park. I mean who doesn't love Manny's BBQ?
The food is acceptable. They have a pretty wide range, but narrow the menu on Pirates game days. I tried the seared ahi tuna. It was good, but nothing memorable. The location appears to be the best thing about the place. Sitting outside on a warm evening, looking at the city skyline and seeing people walk around before a Pirates game is an interested dinner experience. But don't go for the menu.
As your standard restaurant, Atria's has no personality: the food is blah, the service is eh, and nothing is really all that memorable.  The patio and it's proximity to the ball parks are its saving grace.    Now, let's talk about when we reserved a room for a bridal shower...  We had a fixed menu for a group of about 50 ladies.  I understand that.  But when the bride asks for no tomatoes, you as a server do not say, "No substitutions!" in your meanest voice.  Lighten up, it's her day.  I ended up just taking the tomatoes off for her--and just chalked it up to another maid of honor duty.  The server also kept clearing the bride's drinks while she mingled.  This was annoying, but at least we had paid a flat fee for drinks, so it wasn't the hugest deal.  Overall, the server for the bride's table was just awful and kept treating us like little children.  Yes, the table was the bridal party and the bride's cousins.  Yes, we are all under 30.  But we are also young professionals and the ones who booked the event.  The servers who waited on the rest of the tables containing the mothers, aunts, great aunts, and grandmothers were polite...even when my near-senile grandmother started yelling about bandits.  Later, another server apologized on behalf of our bad server and mumbled that, "he just must be on his period."  While Atria's is fine for a glass of wine before a Pirate's game if a table is open outside, I certainly would never book it again for a private function.
Located right next to PNC Park, so is a decent place to get a beer and some grub prior to game day. That and outdoor seating are main perks. Otherwise, food and prices are not worth a stop. This place will fill up on game day, but should be avoided when the Pirates aren't in town. It isn't a BAD experience. If you are siting outside and you have a view of Pittsburgh, it can't be that bad.
I have a dream. A dream that some day the North Shore will have a ton of amazing food options. I hope one day it will become a reality. For now, I think there's a smattering of okay-ish places and a lot of mediocrity.   Maybe it's just the built in crowd. You come to a game, you gotta eat, right? And what are you going to eat? Either at a restaurant outside the stadium or inside. At this point I'd stick with inside for the novelty of it all.   I stopped into Atria's on game day, but came in right as the first pitch was going out, so it wasn't packed in the least. Our server was obviously not into us, as well as serving that day, as she was pretty short with us the entire time. Sorry we bothered you...  The menu is incredibly limited with around 5 apps, 5 sandwiches and 5 main courses. I get that they're probably just limiting things for the crowded times, but I felt like nothing really called to me. I settled on going halfies and ordering an app and waiting until I was inside the stadium to get my "main course." Crab fries, naturally. But that's beside the point.  The pieorgies we ordered were okay. They were doused in Parmesan cheese and a little overcooked, but it wasn't the worst thing I've ever had. Wasn't the best either. I think what really turned me off was the whole experience. Service, small selection and mediocre food. I should have just ordered two buckets of crab fries and called it a night!
Came in late night during Light the Night, just for for drinks and a snack. Service was fast, but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing. The chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot. I was excited about the crab bisque, but they must have been running low and it must have been half sherry because it tasted like I was taking a shot of cheap white wine with every bite. Hope the dinner fare is better.
I really wanted to like this place, but everything about it was extremely disorganized. Only one bartender was able to get anything accomplished (and thankfully he was the one serving me). The rest of the staff seemed to have no direction, and the aforementioned bartender was the one picking up their slack. Try as he could, he could not do it all. And this was only 4 hours before game time; it was bound to get busier as the day moved on.  That said, the food was good (Hawaiian Chicken Sandwich) and there is an extensive beer selection. I will certainly give Atria's another shot when I return to the Burgh.
We arrived at 6pm on a busy Sat nite. A party of 6, we agreed to sit 2 and 4. We were at bar for a bit while waiting and bar tender was friendly and made us feel welcome. When our tables were ready, we were not given menus for about 20 minutes when we flagged down a bartender who brought them over and took our orders. Food took at least 20 more minutes to arrive. Salmon was great but not much rice and would have been better with a veggie side to round it out. Food overall was fine. They ended up comping some of our drinks.
Stopped in specifically for the pot roast nachos, which have been amazing at other locations so I was very disappointed to discover they were out of pot roast. I decided on the pot pie which I've heard very good things about so it seemed like a good alternative. I was wrong.  It was basically a puffed pastry on top of thin gravy.  No chicken.  Not even one piece. No potatoes or any other filling except a few peas.  That was it.  I was starving so I ate the entire thing but was still hungry afterwards so I ate again as soon as I got home.  Extremely disappointing.
Went to Atrias for lunch today. Service was slow for soup and a salad. Cup of soup was $4.99 and a side salad served in a large-rimmed bowl was $9.99! With a coke, lunch was $20. Apparently they just changed the menu and dramatically increased the prices on everything. Food was ok but definitely not worth the price.
Mediocre at best. Went to Easter brunch, was served some coffee from a can. Waited over 45 minutes for an order of chicken piccata that also tasted like it came from a can. When I asked the bartender/waitress (classy) how much longer it will be, she was cold and un apologetic about the ridiculous wait. I don't understand how this place is even in business. If this establishment were to be in any other city they would be closed. If I'm paying $25 for some fake Italian food at least be polite about the robbery. This place is a fusion of Olive Garden and Red Lobster. DO NOT COME HERE. I realized that the tactic of starving the customer and serving overpriced mediocre food can pay the light bills. Thanks Atria's, see ya never
Showed up before a Pirate game. Wasn't very busy which was a plus. Server took our drink order, returned with drinks and took our food order. That was the last we saw of him. Someone else came by 35 minutes later and dropped our plates on the table and kept walking. Didn't matter that our food wasn't correct and our drinks were empty.  He managed to return as soon as we finished our food and left the check. Guess we were done?  Bathrooms were dirty and ladies room had no toilet paper or soap. Not a good experience.  Food was OK for the price. Service is terrible and won't return.
Going downhill......Man, what happened to this place? I used to frequent Atria's multiple times a week for lunch. Usually a ruben or the house salad with garlic vin. dressing and fries but recent construction near PNC Park has limited my trips. Well during this time Atria's must have made some major changes and not for the better. I decided to take the wife and kid to dinner b/c the day was nice and they do have outdoor seating. Unfortunately our waiter was not up to par. I sensed a little attitude when I asked if a particular dish was available but let his annoyed response slide. Atria's at PNC Park has a streamlined menu during Pirate game days. We then placed our order and shortly after I wanted to make a small change from the apps Sliders to the Kids menu sliders b/c they came with fries. Waiter then annoyingly rolled his eyes. I should have got up and left then but we were hungry and didnt want to go to another place for dinner. I asked if it was a problem and he stated they already started the order. Well, seems like a problem adding fries to a plate I guess....this interaction left me pretty angry and anyone who knows me would likely say I am pretty laid back. It is difficult to get under my skin. Onto the food. House salads for the wife and I which were pretty standard. I do love their garlic vinegar dressing. We also got a Chicken Ranch flat bread and this left us disappointed. In my pre construction visits this was one of the freshest, tastiest meals but I am not sure what they brought out yesterday. It reminded me of a Stouffer's french bread pizza. The sliders were fine but the fries seemed a lil cold considering it was the last thing ordered. All in all though I think my days at Atria's are done. At least the PNC Park location and that is sad since I was one of their biggest fans.
I lived off of pickles in college!  The only downfall was their delivery time.  It always took almost an hour and a half to receive my food, 10 minutes down the road.   I moved, still in delivery distance, and had a terrible experience. I called my order in and had a total of 11 and some change.  I told them I'd be laying cash.  When the delivery guy arrived he couldn't stop complaining about walking up my steps and I would have to meet him downstairs next time.  When I handed him a 20 he told me, sorry I don't have any change.  So he walked off with a 9 dollar tip after being terribly late, rude, and forgot my drink.  Good food, but rude service on the phone and in person.  I have not been back since.
I tried Pickles tonight for the first time.  I called ahead to order a gyro calzone and was told 20 minutes.  I got there and was told it would be another 10.   It was another 20 before I got my food.  In a bad frame of mind, I tried my food.  I must admit it was good.  Not great, but good.  I didn't have an issue with the place or the other patrons.  I dig that kind of place.  But if you tell someone a time, you should be able to deliver.  The food itself warrents a higher rating, but the overall experience was a disappointment.
Living in the South Side for two years, we had it made. The pizza places around that neck of the woods can't be beat. From the food to the prices, you couldn't find better. Now that we live near North Side, it's been a constant struggle trying to find something that compares. I'm thinking we've struck out.   We decided to give Pickles a go after receiving an ad in the mail. They had a pizza/hoagie/soda deal for less than $20. First of all, ordering was strange. The woman was friendly, but seemed like she was on a different planet. I ended the conversation telling her I wanted to make the payment with my card. She didn't understand. After going back and forth, she finally understood that I wanted to pay with plastic. "Oh, you want to pay with a card?!" Yes. Yes, I do.   We usually pick-up (I hate waiting for cold pizza), but decided to get it delivered. One of those lazy nights. It took around 40 minutes which I would say is average. Wow... we're we disappointed. The pizza literally looked like DiGorno or some other frozen supermarket option. The crust was super doughy and the cheese was pretty gross. We ordered half sausage/half pepperoni. The sausage had a strange color, the kind of color you see on frozen pizza. I'm usually not a snob when it comes to pizza, but this was just not very good. The hoagie was decent-- a little too much mayo, but you really can't screw up bread and meat. I hate Pepsi and that was the only two-liter option they had available, so yeah, the Pepsi sucked.  Definitely won't order from here again, but at least we tried. The search continues...
Don't do it!   The ribs are average at best. The sides are just as average as well. The bones are small and barely have any meat on them at all. The greens were decent and the macaroni salad was awful with tons of water in it.   This place is almost as bad as the now closed Mr Willie's BBQ in Squirrel Hill! I had such high hopes for this place. Oh well. That's what I get for trying to cheat on Showcase BBQ in Homewood. Now those are the best ribs in Pittsburgh and some of the best in the country!   They don't take debit or credit cards. Cash Only!
I have been a Steelers fan as long as I can remember. I love the Steelers as a sports team, BUT this week I am very disappointed. Tisk Tisk Steeler higher ups. This does have to do directly with Steelers policy not Heinz Field.   I have a 9 month old daughter and I was so looking forward to taking her to her very first Steeler game! Now, she is a very very good baby and in social situations I have been able to take her everywhere. She loves people and loves to take in new and exciting experiences. The point of this is that she would be well behaved, laughing at a Steelers game, and most likely clapping with rowdy fans not throwing a temper tantrum and disrupting the game for others. I would take her out if she was upset, believe me I get it!  I feel that The Steeler organization is trying to weed out the younger crowd by charging full price for a ticket and a seat that a baby can't even use. Most kid friendly places don't charge for Children 2 and under, that includes Aiirlines in the US, museums, fairs, Zoos, Concert Venues, Pitt games(at Heinz Field) Baseball games(PNC park), and many more less opulent businesses.    As far as the Steelers are concerned even though your child won't be using a seat they have to buy a full price ticket. I asked about Club level seating and yes especially in the club. Which would be the best place to walk around and entertain a youngster if fussy. If you purchase non club seating then it doesn't matter where your baby sits if you have lower level seats. Getting 3 seats together can be much pricier than a pair and are harder to find. I asked why this was the policy and an unfriendly person told me that "Steeler Policy states that gate operator is not incumbent to assess a childs age of 2 or under so they do not have the resources available for gate entry for people in line entering the stadium."  Sorry but considering the Pirates allow free entry under 2 and offer discounted tickets for children under 2 if they want to participate in the activities for children's days. So NOT COOL STEELERS!
My friend lives near here so I came to satisfy my deli sandwich craving. The inside is super dingy deli/convenience store, so I was excited for a real, down and dirty deli sandwich. They have a lot of weird items in their grocery section which can be kind of fun to look through.  I got an Italian "hoagie" as I feel is the appropriate term for this ultra-Pittsburgh spot. It was bad. Totally skimpy on the meat, and it had American cheese and mayo, which don't go well with Italian meats at all...provolone and oil & vinegar would have made way more sense. The bread was a squishy white bun. I mean, I still ate it, but I didn't really enjoy it. It made me kind of sad. It was just a sad, floppy excuse for a sandwich. At least it was cheap?  Maybe I should have gotten the chipped ham instead, since that's what they are famous for. I also suspect the location in the North Hills has to be at least marginally better...this Isaly's is clearly past its prime.
O my Pittsburgh Pirates.  What a storied history you have!  But the last time you went to the post season was in 1992,  and I remember it well.    I worked as a ticket taker at the old Three Rivers Stadium and I have such fond memories of working there.  I was 17 when you won your last divisional title and I don't think you've had a winning season in my entire adult life.  Don't get me wrong, my Bucs!  I do love you so much.  In a way, I have to.  See, you're like the boy I knew in grammar school who was such a sweet kid, but he was constantly failing his classes--and he lived in a nice house!    Let's take a look at your records since 2000.  I warn you dear Pirates--it won't be pretty.  But it's something you have to come to terms with:  2001:  62-100 (last pl) 2002:  72-89 (4th Pl) 2003:  75-87 (4th pl) 2004:  72-89 (5th pl) 2005:  67-95 (last) 2006:  67-95 (5th pl) 2007:  68-94 (last) 2008:  67-95 (last) 2009:  62-99 (last) 2010:  56-101 (last)*     *As of 09-29-2010  So that's six seasons in last place, two 100 loss seasons, and this season has been the worst so far.  Yes, I'll still go to your games next season.  I'll still go with my husband, my co-workers, and my Girl Posse.  My dad and I will still have our father-daughter nights out here.  But like the parents of that sweet little boy in grammar school with the failing grades, you're really trying my patience.  And don't forget, the Washington Wild Things have been wooing me for the longest!
Although I've never had any of their other menu items except their gyro, I wish I would have gone elsewhere. Since I can only comment on their gyro; here goes... First, the meat is embroiled with fatty particles (it's fake meat or something), second; they don't include enough dressing, third; there are way, way too many onions, forth; there were only two very small slices of tomatoe, fifth; the feta cheese is not crumbled but in a patty, sixth; they just pile the stuff on top of a pita, - to be quite honest, it just tastes bad.
Was so excited to get your pizza today. It's been a few months since last order. Very disappointed in the quality of what I got.  Pizza is burnt on 1side not done on other. How sad is this   So not happy. What happened here!!! Used to be the best I've ever had. Now have to settle for second best down the street
i have had so much bad luck with this pizza place    so i stayed away itryed again and sooo disappointed the french fries were so burnt and tasted like they were cooked in old grease the tomatoes on the hoagies were not ripe they were green in some spots they need to get their act together i spend alot on pizza and hoagies they wont get my business any more i tryed to give them a chance you blow it wise guys
Wise Guys is your typical off beat pizza shop. There are no frills, there are no items I would particularly recommend. However, if you'd like cheap pizza and the typical sides that come along with that then this is your spot. No room to sit and eat so pick it up and get out of there. I am not saying it's bad by any means, it just isn't anything special.
"grossest hostess" Okay, so you know when you go into  place and it's close to closing time?  You aren't sure whether the staff will be cordial and inviting or straight up rude.  Well my wife and I went into Millers at 9:15 pm for dinner.  The hostess was incredibly rude directly off of the bat.  she said "ughhhh you know it's close to closing time, right"?  my wife said, "what time do you close"?  The older, short blond curly haired hostess with glasses said "we close at ten".  TEN???  TEN????  They weren't closing for 45 minutes!!!!  This was the second time she did this to us and it will be the last because they have lost our business for good.  We even heard a phone ring at quarter to ten and she didn't even answer the phone, she just picked it up and snarled "closed" and hung up on the person!  Our server however, was spot on and the food was decent but the hostess or manager or whatever she was left the worst taste in our moths and spoiled Millers Seafood forever.  If you go to Miller's Seafood and you see her at the front, turn and run!
I have eaten here twice. Both times I thought the food was sub-par. The first time was a birthday lunch that was lousy, but I was feeling under the weather, so I gave it another try about a year later for dinner. It was just as lousy as the lunch. My wife definitely agreed, and although we can walk there in 15 minutes, we will never eat there again.
Okay so I tried this place twice before writing a review to give them a fair shot. Unfortunately, the second visit wasn't any better.  I will start with the good. Service is pretty good.  The place smells of smoke. Why? Because you can smoke in the bar and there is an opening from the bar into the restaurant. This has to be a violation of the no smoking in dining areas in Pittsburgh. Gross.   The floor (carpeted) is so old that it is sticky and worn down. Walking on it with shoes on disgusted me. The walls have wall paper torn off throughout the place. Please, remodel! At least make me feel like the place is clean. If I feel like it is dirty in the dining hall, I can't imagine it's clean in the kitchen.  Now for the food. I am pretty picky about seafood. It needs to be fresh and cooked correctly. Don't get the Salmon or Tuna Steak. Tuna and Salmon should be easy to get right if you just season and cook it properly. Both tasted very fishy to me. Salmon that tastes overly fishy, to me, screams "this fish is not fresh". Mashed potatoes are not made from real potatoes. Don't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes. I get it, you wanna have a mom and pop shop. But to do that you need to have great food.  Overall, I just don't think this place is good, and don't want to go back.
After seeing a Google Offer for Miller's, my Mom mentioned how she had been there before and remembered good food and fond memories from her childhood.  So I offered to go with her and see if the food was still as good.    Once we were seated and greeted by our waitress, we presented the paperwork for our Google Offer.  The waitress handed it to the hostess.  I guess they have to call for us to redeem it/verify that it's legit.  Well apparently one of the numbers was missing off the print-out and the hostess could not have been more rude about it.  In the end she talked to someone and figured it out, but she made it seem like we did something wrong.  Or, she could have told us there was a problem but then politely taken care of it since it is her job and there wasn't much else going on for her to do.  Or she could have talked to someone in the first place and quietly resolved the matter without us even knowing there was a problem to begin with.  I later noticed signs up all over the place about restrictions with restaurant.com offers - I guess they have several patrons who use those regularly.  Apparently with this kind of reception, no one wants to pay full price.  Mom and I both ordered the fish sandwich with mac n cheese.  The mac n cheese was creamy and the fish sandwich was a large portion and very tasty.  I ended up having to eat mine with a knife and fork, not even attempting to lift and eat it as a sandwich.  We left with full and happy tummies.  To comment on previous reviews....yes, this is not the cleanest place.  But I expected that and find it part of the charm.  The smoke from the bar is no longer an issue as a closed door separates the bar area from the dining room.  Overall, it was a larger than average portion for a good fish sandwich.  I'd like to give it 3 stars at least, but the whole attitude from the hostess still left a bad taste in my mouth that the mac n cheese couldn't wash away.
I've been there twice, and they have yet to impress me. The decor is old and dingy at best, the seats are gross, and the carpet looks to be 30 years old and identified to my grandma's. My biggest issue was the food. I just assumed that a sea food restaurant would serve fresh fish, but I was sadly mistaken. Every meal I, or friends, have had here was poorly prepared, greasy, and clearly had been frozen for an extended period of time. The only plus side of the place was that it was dirt cheap, but be prepared to get what you pay for.
I don't really mind dive places because there are times that they have really good food.  The place is dated and could use updating.  The waitress was good.  I think she knew we weren't all that pleased with our food even though we told her it was good.  The food....my daughter-in-law had the shrimp scampi.  We are pros at making our own at home, but when it was served, I told her that there are variations to it.  Her first bite she made a sour face.  My son and I then tasted it...understood the face after that.  Way too much lemon juice in it, soaked in oil and not quite sure what the seasoning was, but seemed like pesto.  The pasta was overcooked and the shrimp just sort of were there.   My son and I had the fried seafood platter.  Aside from overcooked breading and soaked in grease, the oysters were raw, and the battered fish had no flavor.  The breaded shrimp tasted weird too.  Needless to say, none of us finished our food. Underneath the food, the plate had a puddle of grease.   On the upside, the coleslaw, bread, and crab cake was good.  The make and cheese was edible, but seemed to comparable to Stauffer's.  This was our first, and more than likely, our last, visit.  For a $65 dollar meal, it wasn't worth $10. .
I worked at millers back in the nineties. The fish was fresh every day from wholeys, the bread was fresh everyday from mancini's, and the perogies were made by little old babushka women at St. George's down the street.  It was a great place to eat. People cared about the food and it showed. I can only attribute it's decline to a change in ownership.  I stopped in to satisfy a craving for fish and was very disappointed by the grease pile I got instead.  I used to be proud to cook there. Now I wouldn't put it on a resume for fear that people have experienced it lately.
We just moved in a couple blocks away and thought we'd try them out. Their prices are great but, seriously, worst customer service I've ever seen. I walked in and the guy had to finish his cell phone game before helping me. I get home and realize we were given the wrong pizza. When I called to see if they had our correct one the guy tells me that's what we ordered. I assured him we didn't, I was there when my girlfriend called the order in. He just said "sorry man" and didn't offer any solutions. So we just picked off the garbage toppings that we didn't order and threw most of it away. It would've taken very little effort to fix it for us. All this after it took them an hour to make the thing. I'd go back if I were desperate but it's seriously amateur hour.
Too much cheese on their pizzas, and the customer service is incredibly poor.  This is nothing new, we have been in Brighton Heights for many years.  My husband LOVES their buffalo chicken pizza, but after his last experience waiting over an hour for pick up, we would only order from Chubby's if every other local pizza joint was closed.
The food is NOT what it used to be, less than stellar and way over priced!!   Not the place I remember, super gyro (was ok) pizza boat ($11.50 for a mediocre under cooked pizza boat??) fried mushrooms (were tasty) and a small chicken salad with fermented olives=$30?? Wow!!! Me and 2 children could have walked around the corner to eat n park and had a better experience, and that's what I recommend you do.   I don't like to bash food joints but I won't be back!  I'm not hard to please, just make it tasty and give me some value.
Ok atmosphere drinks are overpriced for the area. Service is hit or miss.  Not a bad place but not my first choice.
Ok. Two stars is because I have had better experiences here. This particular visit was absolutely awful! I ordered a dirty martini. Risky. But being that I had seen a couple others drinking it, how bad could it be? So I took a swig and I could have, should have, ran out the door. It was so dirty I could barley contain myself. The "container" that the olive juice came in should have been a red flag right there. Needless to say, I was sick that whole night and into the next day. Just order the bottled beer. That's a more safe route.
I love the unique merchandise they carry and it is a fun shop to browse around - so many interesting and beautiful things to discover around every corner! Love the shop cat, too. I had to downgrade, though, because whenever I've gone in with one or two of my children we get the stink-eye, the following, and the "don't touch!" comments the whole time we are there. Even though my children are quiet and shy and cling to me whenever we are out. Even though they weren't touching anything anyway (I make sure they don't!) Even though I always spend more money when the kids are with me. It says "All Paths Welcome," but we did not feel welcome at all :-(
I was excited to come to this store when I moved to the neighborhood because I LOVE stores like this. Not a fantastic selection but pretty decent. The merchandise is weirdly organized.  I go in today after picking up a few groceries and they tell me that they need to hold my purse and my bad of groceries. Which sure, I guess that's ok. My problem is I feel like I was targeted. There was another woman with her purse and they didn't ask her to hold her stuff. There was something I wanted to buy but I ended up leaving after a few minutes of half hearted browsing. It just left a bad taste in my mouth.
you can't beat a fairly centrally-located grocery store that is open 24-7 BUTTT the smell in there is ughhh.  Years and years of spilled food / blood from the meat department and etc.    You get the picture .    The high-point is perhaps the hot foods that you can get over in the deli.-area.  Some really good "soul-food" .  Fried chicken, mashed potatoes, mac n cheese and etc... I will go out of my way for that stuff, sometimes ...
Kuhn's is really the only convenient grocery for where we live and they do have a great selection of higher end lunch meats, etc., but I had a terrible experience with their poultry. It took several minutes to sort through the grey, fatty boneless, skinless chicken breasts and when I finally found a package that didn't appear to have spoiled, I came home to find that the breasts had never been cut into breasts. There were several large pieces with a ton of trimming to be done. Drive the extra distance to Giant Eagle if you need anything from the meat department.
I like the double cooked wings, but they're like chick wings they're so mini.  The thing that turns me off the most about this place is they have cardboard disposable bowls for their complimentary popcorn - however they get upset if u try and use it to put wing bones or other things in it because they insist on wiping out & reusing the disposable bowls. Disgusting & totally unsanitary IMO. If they insist on reusing those, imagine where they are cutting corners behind closed kitchen doors. I'd go back for bottled beer, that's about it.
... Look... I hate writing a less than stellar review of a business. It actually makes my cold goth baby heart sad. No one WANTS to go somewhere and get bad service, thats just ludicrous. (Not Ludacris, close but not the same.)  I have just recently moved to Beechview and the best part of moving to a new part of this wonderful city is giving new businesses a try! I have sampled so many tasty and amazing new food items and coffee drinks etc etc. I am always in search of a non-smoking bar where I can hang out, eat, drink, and get to know the locals. I prefer small bars with "yinzers" as they tend to be a true gauge of a neighborhood for me.   We have many friends in this area, which means that we got some great tips before we even moved in about different types of food, stores, laundromats, and bars. One of these tips, repeated from friend to friend, was The Huddle. As the name implies it is a bar where you can be certain you can watch a sports game of whatever sport-ball type you're interested in. It is indeed non-smoking, a handful of tables suitable for 4 people and a "U" shaped bar right in the center as soon as you come in. It is a cash only establishment with an ATM on site for quick transactions. The have free popcorn from a popcorn machine which makes the place smell amazing. It's been around quite a while which means that there is a great group of locals who frequent the establishment.   This is truly everything I need in a local bar. We had been in for the very first time for drinks shortly after moving in and happened to be in there on one of their two weekly wing nights. This are not the wee tiny wings, more a weird in between of some of the "full" size wings I've had other places that clearly came from giant monster mutant chickens (I mean maybe they were goose wings, who even knows... they were huge) and the teeny tiny wing night wings you find most other places. They have two options; buffalo (sloppy) and "tanned" which are buffalo then cooked again so they are drier and crisp and un-freaking-believeable. The prices are mega cheap and it's so filling and delicious we've been back more than once for them. I like this place so much we have even taken the handsome-boyfriend's mother there when she was in town for the weekend. (P.S. She loved it too!)   My dear sweet lovely readers, here is where I have to talk about something less than all of the amazing parts I've already mentioned. Tonight, both ravenous from too little food and too much work-day, we trekked up the monster that is Coast Avenue for beers and food and a chill environment (that would undoubtably involve pre-season football). We walk in the door and aside from an employee (other than the bartender) and a few people in the back at tables, we are the only patrons aside from one regular. We belly up to the bar on the far side and say our hellos. This is where I get a serious case of the sad. The bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence. Ok, I get it... I work sort of indirectly with the public I have days where I can't handle people. It happens! As customers come in and sit down, she greets them with a warmth that was clearly lacking. Ok. That's sort of disappointing but still fine. When we got to the point that we asked for a menu three times while she retrieved menus and took orders for the people next to us an hour after we came in... thats where I start to have an issue with the service. Eventually we decided to leave because I was tipping over the line to "hangry" and was afraid I'd lose my temper after the 3rd time we had asked for menus and didn't get them while she continued to warmly greet other patrons and provide them menus and take their orders while refilling our beers seemed to be an annoyance to her to the point of not even asking if we wanted another or the same beer and just taking the glass and starting to fill it (wherein I had to stop her because I hadn't asked her for another one and actually just wanted the tab cashed out).  Yes, of course I'll give it another try, I want this to be my local hang out bar. My service in sitting at the table or being served by the woman I presume is the owner has been great. The food is amazing. The prices are great. Don't let me down, The Huddle.
Not sure what people see here but it's a never again. I was with a party if 8, appetizers were frozen from a bag, waitress messed up 2 of the orders, steaks came out wrong and she made us pass out drinks to each other.  It was busy but at times couldn't find her. The rest of the wait staff seemed irritated and I had to get another waitress to find ours because she was sitting having a conversation with the table a few down from us.  If you want decent bar find you may as well make yourself a drink and burger at home and call it a night out instead of waisting your time with this place.
sushi was dry and unenjoyable. the place itself is clean and the decor was minimal.  I was not a fan and probably won't be back.
WAY overpriced and the rolls are incredibly small. I was not impressed with the sushi either. If you are looking for sushi, Katana, only about a mile away, is WAY better. I would not recommend this place. If you are in the neighborhood, Bados right next door or IO cafe across the street are a much better choice.
Well, finally tried the place with the Green door and High Step!  Always seem to be people going in and out.  Heard from one of my kids it was just OK, cause he had take out once with some buddies.  Well, we ventured in and ordered a few things so we could share.  General Ts0's chicken was  to be crisp and Ouch spicy...Well, the outer crust was crisp, chicken was hard..hard to chew, tasteless and somewhat sweet sauce???  The Shrimp Lo Mein was Ok but the shrimp was overcooked.  The Moo Shu Pork was forgettable.
Yeah, don't order from here, unless it's for dumplings. since they arev fast and the potstickers are really good. Everything else we had sucked. Shrimp and Scallop with garlic was bland as hell. The Beef on a Stick was liked eating a marinated shoe with a skewer in it. Yuk.
I just got delivery from here. I got steamed dumplings and the lunch special lo mein that came with a side of fried rice and wonton soup. I saw a lot of reviews on how good the dumplings were. I wasn't impressed. The "noodle" part was really thick. I only took 1 bite and didn't want anymore . The wonton soup I have to say though was very good . The chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay. Nothing special . The price was fair and the delivery driver was nice. I probably won't order here again though.
It's unfortunate when you really try to like a place and it just let's you down. This place is on my way to work and I'm a sucker for cheap sweets so naturally I'm supposed to love this place. Now I've gotten a few good thing from here but more bad than good. For a while I was stopping there every so often before work for some sweet pick me ups. The older lady's are pretty crappy with you if your aren't purchasing in bulk (for parties) like your a waste of valuable time. Time spent doing what? I ask becAuse 90% ok what I'd get tasted old, stale and left out. So for a longgg time I boycotted this place after the last time I went nothing was good and the lady was terribly rude. Today tired of the same old song and dance of places to grub by work I remember I had some bruggers bagels cream cheese at work. But low behold I was bagleless. So I decided it's a bagel, how bad could they mess it up? The answer, so bad! Definitely a day or two old. If it isn't I'm shocked because it falls apart as I'm cutting it and tastes like old bread. It's all cheap but that's not reason to be terrible. All in all. Shoulda stuck to my guns and left it boycotted. I'm gracing them tl with 2 stars because the younger lady's that work there are nice and their pumpernickel breads are pretty darn good. Only once was it under par.
Pretty rough, but not completely unbearable.  The location isn't ideal; on the side of a busy highway. The overall condition of the hotel wasn't promising on first entrance. Musty smell in the air, crumbs on the carpets going up the stairs to the room, obvious general maintenance needed.  The room continued to be unimpressive.  - The light over the desk was unplugged from behind the dresser. When I moved the dresser to plug it in there was garbage that hadn't been picked up. - The temperature control unit felt like it was only half working and made lots of loud noises that aren't typical. - There was crusted food on the laminated TV information sheet  The high notes; - The woman at the front desk was very friendly and while I didn't need additional assistance, I heard her being very helpful to other patrons. - No visible signs of bed bugs. - Blazing fast Wifi for a hotel (2MBS)  Because I only needed to stay one night and it was bed bug free, I didn't want to go through the hassle of trying to find a different location. Would I stay here again? Probably not.
Sorry, but our pizza was cold.  All nine cuts of it.  And the garlic wings didn't taste like garlic.  Maybe it was an off night?
There are only so many ways to make the American bastardized version of a pizza, but for some reason there are as many "pizza shops" as there are stars in a clear night sky. As they may be stunning to behold, from afar each one is pretty much the same thing. This shop is another place that tosses sauce and cheese on bread and serves it to their patrons. Ok, so they DO have a slightly different take, throwing the cold shredded cheese onto the pie as soon as the dough is out of the oven. This does not melt the cheese, and I do see how the pizza would be cold after heaping on the cheese.  Some customers may like it, me, not so much. I tried the Italian hoagie.  It was a good size and the meat was flavorful. But that's about it. They put oil on the sandwich, but no other dressing. I expected a nice tangy flavor to compliment the meat but was disappointed. My date ordered a hot sausage hoagie. I didn't sample it, he liked it, but it was way too messy. The bread got soggy and the darn thing fell apart. It looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich.  The staff did seem pretty nice, even trying to keep a smile while dealing with the stress of a busy crowded restaurant. The dining room is also a bit cramped. There are plenty of booths, but the tables are rather close together and hard to maneuver between. Hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain. When they are busy, it is a claustrophobic nightmare.
This is the kind of pizza where the toppings are added after the crust is cooked. Cheese included. It's a novelty, and for some folks it's their favorite pizza. The taste is good, if a little weird, but for me, it didn't satisfy my pizza craving.  This location was crowded and the wait was long, but the people were nice.
I tried the "cold cheese and toppings" slice that Beto's is famous for.  If you have heard about there style of serving pizza, and are wondering what the punch line is, there isn't one.   They make a big square tomato-sauce pizza and throw cold shredded cheese and other cold toppings on it, and that's it. There's no secret ingredient or special something  that makes it tastes like anything other than what you would get it you grabbed pizza fixings from your kitchen and forgot to bake them.     I guess a lot of people like it, and more power too them. But I don't get it. Ramblin' Boy didn't get it. I see zero reason to agree with people that say that this is the "best" pizza in the region.    Maybe their hoagies will be better.
Canned green peppers!?! Way too much cheese. The yinzers seem to like it. The average BMI in that place was probably close to 30 and no wonder; the food is incredibly unhealthy. The pizza crust tasted like Pizza Hut. Maybe this place gets good reviews because it's a unique twist on unhealthy; loads of uncooked mozzarella.
Wow, just wow. That was without a doubt the worst "pizza" I've ever had in my life. Maybe you would like it. Do you like all of your toppings out of a can? I didn't even know you could get canned green bell peppers. Do you like your slices of pizza to be covered with a huge several inch thick mound of uncooked mozzarella cheese? If answer is yes, then maybe this place is for you. It is definitely not for me.
I don't get it. Cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza? Why does Pittsburgh have to be so weird? I just got accustomed to fries and coleslaw on my sandwiches but a guy has to draw the line somewhere. And what's with everyone bagging up their extra cheese and taking it home?   My gut tells me this would be an awesome pizza if only they'd cook it.
The pizza was fine. My issue is that, if you aren't like other pizza places with your pricing, you should maybe tell me that when I call to order a medium with two toppings. We ended up with a $36 pizza that will take us days to eat, when I THOUGHT I ordered a medium with pepperoni and sausage on half. All young kids working there. No professionalism. No explaination of anything. 50 cents per slice for every topping? Well yeah we got 14 slices, so do the math. NOT a medium. Boxed up horribly, so on our 3 minute ride home, the box was leaking grease out of the corner. I was so upset over spending nearly $40 on something that I thought would be cheap and easy, I couldn't even enjoy the pizza. Its just whatever pizza anyway.   Save your money and go to Slice on Broadway. 1/3 of the price,  staff is wonderful,  and they have a liquor license and fair prices. Slice should get half the publicity this place gets.   Never mind that I've lived in Pittsburgh all my life and have never heard of Betos until I moved 3 streets behind it. NOT a "Pittsburgh institution."
First off, had my boyfriend not told me that every topping on the pizza was cold (including the cheese!), I would have never known. They should really have an illuminated sign that advises the customers.   I'm sure you have gathered that this pizza is kind of presented exactly like frozen pizza from the store except the bread is cooked. I think the appeal to this place is that it is different - Some people go to restaurants where you can cook your own food because it's different but the fact of the matter is that when I go out to eat, I don't expect to cook it myself and I don't expect it to come half cooked.   Had this pizza been cooked, I feel like it would be subpar. The crust was very crispy and the sauce was a standard tomato (no extra hints of basil or pepper). The peperoni reminded me of the peperoni that comes in Lunchables - actually the whole pizza reminded me of a Lunchable (except a pie made of 28 cuts is $35.28 with $.50 per topping a CUT!) To be fair, each cut is $1.30 and you only need 3-4 to really, really be full.  They really lay on the toppings - about an inch of cheese, 20 slices of peperoni and a handful of banana peppers for just two cuts with toppings .  I feel that you really need to be in the mood for Betos before you go there. When I am in the mood for pizza, I am heading for the flowing, stringy cheese and the flavors melting together before it hits my mouth. I would eat here again if I get the craving - some people in the restaurant had ordered other menu items that looked to be pretty good. I wouldn't take somewhere here as a Pittsburgh Destination though.  There is about 10 tables in the restaurant (booths/tables) ... clean/reputable.
Didn't live up to my expectations at all.  Waste of time and money.  Sloooooow service.
I stopped in here by myself this past Saturday at around 6:30 in the evening.  I had been here once before but it had been a number of years prior.  Man was this place packed!  I had trouble finding a parking spot and upon entering the restaurant there were no open tables and about 10 people waiting for their orders.  Since I was due elsewhere later in the evening I decided to order four cuts of pepperoni to go.  After that I sat down on a chair to wait.  It was at this point that I heard one of the employees telling another that they should tell everyone it would be about a 30 minute wait.  Thankfully it only ended up being a 15 minute wait before I was out the door and into my car.  So how did the pizza taste?  Sorry Beto's and the South Hills but I just don't get cold cheese and toppings on top of a baked crust.  This is now two times that I have tried it and this time I was prepared for it and more than willing to give it a better chance.  However it just does not work for me.  The positives for the pizza are that the crust is super crispy, almost cracker like, which I really liked.  I don't know that I have had another pizza crust that was this crispy before.  There was also a ridiculous amount of cheese on my four slices which I consider to be a good thing.  As to the negatives of the pizza, the main one is the cold toppings.  To me it doesn't really feel right and I am not a fan of it.  This also causes a secondary issue of the pizza being extremely messy to eat.  Since the cheese hasn't melted together and also hasn't melted the toppings on, it goes everywhere.  The bottom line for me is that I probably will not be back again in the future.  While I know that many people love it, it really doesn't do it for me.
I really wanted to like this place but alas it just wasn't happening. They put WAY too much cheese on everything. I know, you say, how can one possibly have too much cheese. We ordered a salad and it was topped by probably more cheese then it had vegetables, I had to dig the lettuce out. Then the pizza had so much cheese on top that the cold cheese wasn't able to really melt because it was piled on so high. I could see how the cold cheese would be good if it all melted together but because of the amount it just didn't work. Also the toppings (mushrooms and peppers) were cooked, just FYI - I was expecting raw since I thought it said all toppings raw.  When I got home I had an awful stomachache from all the cheese. Totally my own fault, but still, watch out. This was my first visit here though, so I dunno, maybe it's not always so cheese-rific. Or if you really love cold shredded mozzarella cheese, then this might be the place for you.
Went for lunch for hoagie, fries and 2 cuts. Took the order right away which was great as lunch break is limited. After  waiting a long time went to check on order they said hoagie was done but not the cuts and they forgot the French fries. Was willing to but the fries order in but now it was getting too late, cuts still not done so asked for refund which they were willing to do. As they began processing refund guy comes with cuts in box . Though great can't eat here but at least can take back to work.  Get to work open box tons of cheese but COLD (I know they serve with cheese put on after but usually melts a little from heat from the pizza but the pizza was cold so not melted at all. No oven or toaster oven at work to heat up so no lunch Friday.  Maybe if you have like an hour an half for lunch may work. Friend hoagie was good but got little cold while waiting for cuts and never did get fries.
Pizza is good with the cold cheese but the place is Always dirty and no one wipes off the tables. He employees walk by dirty tables then people sit at them.
My family and I have always loved Betos!  However, our last experience saddened me.  My daughter and I ordered my pizza slices to eat in and hers togo. After finishing mine, we inquired about our take out.  After waiting 15 minutes ( around 45 minutes after we arrived and I ate my pizza), we were presented with a cold, sauce less piece of pizza, wrapped in a smashed pizza box top, wrapped with tape.  We left without complaining but really upset about this experience.  Shame on Betos for such poor customer service and product!
I went in to ask a question. They could have said "you'd better bring your car in and we will help you. "  They could have said "I don't know but maybe the place down the street can help you."  What they said was "I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know anyone  who can help you but *if you keep driving down the road you might see a place*.  Good bye."  And they were right.  I drove down the road, I saw a place, they were helpful, and I'll be taking my car there in the future.  Maybe they are sexist.  Or maybe they already have too many customers.  Either way, good luck to them!
I tried to stop in here to get one soft serve vanilla dish and one chocolate dish.  They were out of chocolate soft serve. Dairy Queen only serves two flavors of ice cream so this is fairly unacceptable. There was no sign or indication so I waited in line for fifteen minutes to find this out.  The inside has a decent size freezer case and seats, and the parking lot is large.
I stopped in here because my late mother's lamp had a short in it and was looking to replace it. I was greeted by a nice man named Justin who told me to bring it in and they would repair it.They do have their own parking lot so it saves you time and money looking for a spot.  When I returned later with the lamp the owner of the business looked at it and said it was not repairable so I decided to invest in a new one. My daughter was with me and we were told to browse the store and someone would eventually join us. I saw a pretty one in a Lenox open weave style so the owner came over and told me she could knock about $50.00 off the sale price. I questioned her as to the make of the lamp and each time I asked I was given the same reply-designer style. It would have been nice to know whom. Can't understand the big secret about that one.  I finally opted for a similar lamp that cost a bit less and Justin helped me out with taking it off the shelf for me and letting me compare lamps. I did learn a few things that I normally take for granted.  First, you should never use those curly long lasting bulbs in their lamps since they are high quality lamps and can shorten its life. Second, make sure to rip off the plastic covering that comes with the shade to avoid it getting burn marks on it. I'm really not sure how true either of these points are because I kept the shade from my original lamp at home. It is still in plastic and there are no burn marks.  Third this place is expensive and was told me that they mark certain items down for daily deals. Since I was in need of a descent lamp I decided to purchase a less expensive one.  Now here are some rules you should know. Anything marked down is not returnable. Anything you buy at full price you may exchange within a certain time frame. They have a sign at the register that states for you to inspect your product before leaving the store. I was told that they would take the shade off my lamp and put the base in a box for me to take home. After I made my payment a man who works in the back came out with the lamp wrapped if plastic wrap and the shade still in its plastic wrap. There was no way for me to "inspect" it properly outside of my handling it when it was still on their showroom floor.  Time will tell whether or not my investment paid off but to be honest customer service seemed to be lacking big time. I was grateful for Justin since he was the most helpful to me. Later I found out he was new but hey, I'd sooner work with him  for that reason.  My daughter was upset because she was using her cell phone and was told picture taking wasn't allowed. DUH? Since when does someone admonish you that you are taking pictures all because you have your cell phone in your hand? So consider my advice if you decide to purchase here. Examine everything thoroughly.
i never had any problems with Metro and the former owner.  We picked this company to put in the air conditioner we have.  This was done 12 years ago.  They installed n efficient furnace about 8 years ago.  The service people were always well trained and prompt. Now there seems to be a change as the management has changed.  Service maintence is seemingly not a priority and I don't know if I will call them if we have a problem.
I can't believe this place hasn't been reviewed. If you are thinking about going here know this:  If you grew up in the South Hills, all the people from high school that turned out to be real losers will be hanging out here. (Hey, I've been there, so I am not throwing stones.)  It is otherwise your typical South Pittsburgh yinzer bar. There is always a seat, and there are free pretzels.
I've been to Cain's quite a few times, since I live right down the street.   The best times I have had at Cain's consist of myself going into the establishment with the predetermined mentality of spending way too much for drinks ( $7.00 for a Jameson and Ginger!!??) and already being three sheets to the wind.   Don't get me wrong, if you like going to a place that mildly reminds me more of a mosh pit at times than an actual drinking establishment, you would love Cain's. Definitely, avoid going on the weekends.  But, I will admit that Cain's is an awesome place to post up at the bar, drink a few beers, and catch a Pen's game on one of their million TV's.   Bottom line : This place is not a place where you and your buds can go and get poopy drunk at. Cains is, at best, a bar where you stop during a bar crawl for a beer and a shot.   Nothing more, and nothing less.
Atmosphere is awesome...food is terrible. No flavor, soggy French fries, over sauces wings. Wanted it to be good but hope they get a better chef cause the atmosphere is really nice.
This place is just average. The service is subpar at best and the waitresses always seem rushed. However, their wings and wing flavors are good, and they have so many tv's there isn't a bad seat in the house if you're there for a game. Now that the parking lot across the street is gone, good luck looking for a spot. I would go back, but only for the wings and the spicy cheese bites.
Maybe just didn't hit at the right time, been here twice and both times food wasn't that good. I went on wing night flavors were ok but wings weren't crispy.  Tonight was taco night, waitress was great but not sure what the hold up was with the tacos but it was a long wait. Wasn't that they were busy yet..not sure why but wish I could say it was worth the wait! But not at all, the price is not cheap and then they were cold, and lettuce , cheese,  tomato, salsa is extra.  There are so many good choices in the Pittsburgh area I dont think I will give Cains a 3rd chance. I may be spoiled with my small cheap local bar, but at least the food there is great tasting and warm! Lots of tv's and ok atmosphere so I will squeeze out 2 stars.
I have eaten here plenty of times and its usually really good.. But all of the pretzel bun sandwiches aren't that great. I think they need to go.  I got the 3 little pigs the other day and the meats on my sandwhich were all cold. The appz were good but the rest of my meal was kinda aweful. waitress said a new menu is coming so hopefully they get back on track.This place used to be a solid 4 stars but the last few times here have been bad. They do have a great brunch though and a killer atmosphere for games so I'll give them another try once the new menu is here.
Rude bartender, asked for ID and when returning my ID he basically just throw it to me. Also didn't seem very nice. He thinks he is cool or trying to impress the waitress. Very annoyed and ignorant! Review base on October 25.
Being that I have been here a few times and have had "better" experiences, two stars is generous. I have been coming to this BAR for the last 4 years. I have had various items off their menu. From their hamburgers, to salads, to the brunch and chx fingers, wings, and ribs. The variety of sauces is what gets me to come back. But anyway. It's a hit or miss with the food and service, really. Never consistent with quality of either. My latest experience was the brunch. I thought, how can they screw up brunch?!. Um.. Well. I'm sure it would have been great!.. If I didn't have to wait, for literally, 1 hour and 40 minutes for it!! The gravy( breakfast gravy) was warm, however everything underneath was cold. The servers are, for the most part, so terrible I can't even imagine why the owner would hire them! Ugh! I have had ONE attentive server, and that was because we were literally the only table for her. Just stick to going there for a game and a bucket or pitcher! That way you don't have to worry about when your going to catch your server again! I am not exaggerating in the least. I don't usually give a bad review, but I feel this deemed necessary. If your a chick, good luck. If your a smokin dude.. You may have better luck. Best wishes folks!
Average bar food, slow service, a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers. My parents RAVED about this place from when they were regulars years ago, but needless to say when I have a hoagie & decent beer craving, I'll be going elsewhere.
If you are looking for something retro (but new) this is not it.  It has an "old neighborhood" feel.   The food is ok.  The pancakes have a sweet cornbread flavor and are a bit crisp, but the bacon was not.  Go to The Original Pancake House about 10 minutes away for a better breakfast.
Found the place to be average at best. Pancakes were not very good. They tasted like they were made from a mix, mushy in the middle, and they came with powdered sugar which I don't like (wish the server told me beforehand). Average wait time to be seated and for food to arrive. OJ was pretty bad as well- like the cheap stuff you get from the grocery store. I like the fact the place is not a chain, and I'd be up for trying other food there, but from my experience the pancakes do not live up to the hype.
While the Dor-Stop is a cute place on a nice tree lined street, I'm not sure what the big fuss is all about. The food was only fair and they don't even have real cream for your coffee. It's that nasty fake nondairy crap. It also gave me the heebeegeebees due to the "Christianesgue" motif.
Folks this is very overrated.. they had Guy's Diners Drivein and Dives there only because Guy's parents knew owner. This is very avg food at best. Its nothing special.I wont go back.. Very small and uncomfortable. They have a large sign in window to play on Guy's visit a number of years ago. Dont fall for it.
Ok, so I know this place is somewhat of an institution now because of their Food Network exposure, but I'm going to have to go against the grain here and say that I did not enjoy my Dor-Stop experience.  We came here many months ago after hearing all of the hype. I'd never been to Dormont before and we were eager to check out this place and the neighborhood in general (side bar: Dormont is adorable! If it were a bit more convenient to where we work and like to play, I would totally live there).   Anyhow, so we get there on a Saturday morning, and the place is packed. No biggie, most good breakfast spots usually have a wait on a weekend morning. I think we waited about 30 mins, which wasn't bad. We're seated, we order, everything is just peachy. Then things started to go sour.  It had been about 40 minutes since we were seated and we still hadn't received our food. Other diners who were seated after us had received their food and were finishing up. Our waitress hadn't stopped by our table in a long time. I had started to wonder if maybe our ticket was lost (ordinarily I wouldn't think anything of it, but the fact that people seated after us had gotten their food made me think something might have been wrong). Anyway, so the next time we see our waitress walk by, we flag her down and ask her if she knew when our food would be out. We asked politely. We weren't snarky, we weren't mean, we didn't roll our eyes or snap our fingers. It was a simple question, one that I think many would probably ask. And the waitress replied, "Are you really hungry or just really impatient?" No hint of a smile on her face. No twinkle in her eyes. It was clear that she wasn't joking (not that it would have been funny anyway).   Hmm. Are we really hungry or really impatient? Well, neither...we just wanted to make sure our ticket hadn't gotten lost. We sat in stunned silence, unsure of how we should respond to such a flat-out rude remark. The waitress left, and finally brought our food out about 10 minutes later (and then we never saw her again except for when she dropped off the check). By that point, our appetites were pretty much gone, and we just wanted to leave. So we scarfed down our food and got the heck out of dodge.  I dunno. Maybe the waitress was having a bad day. Maybe she gets asked that question a lot (by actual impatient people) and is sick of hearing it. But we were very polite to her and didn't deserve to be treated like that. I don't care how good your food is (and for the record, the food was okay, but certainly not mind blowing for the all the hype), if you have lousy customer service, I can't support you. And it's a shame, because I really, really wanted to like this place (it looks like such a cute mom and pop place). With so many other great breakfast spots in the Burgh, I'd rather go somewhere that cares about giving their customers a good (or at least not a blatantly bad) experience.
This used to be one of my favorite places for breakfast but the quality has diminished noticeably. Eggs over medium were runny and the pumpkin pancakes, that used to be my reason for going, lacked flavor...they were very bland and were a little raw on the inside. Maybe the food is better when they aren't so busy?
I do not get the hype behind this place. I have been here 3 times now and the only thing I would recommend are the pancakes. I should have just stuck with the pancakes on my last visit but I went with a meatloaf sandwich instead.  It was just average and didn't really have any taste. It came with mashed potatoes which were definitely from a package. I always wondered why this place didn't stay open later now I see why, everything that isn't a pancake is a failure.   The worst part of this last visit was the service. We arrived and the place was half empty and we were seated at a table. The waitress was just kind of like what do you want, now I don't expect every place to be trader joe's type happy but don't act like we are bothering you for coming here. She took our order and that was last we saw of her. Someone else brought out the food and no one ever came back to check on us. I could see the waitress go over to her other table (she only had 2 tables) and check on them multiple times. We didn't get any refills on our drinks and every time I tried to motion to her she would turn her back and sit at the counter and talk with the other waitress. We never even received our check and had to go to the counter and ask for it our self. We were then told to wait because they needed to check someone else out first. After standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check. No apologies or anything.  I won't be back.
After scouring the Internet for the best breakfast joint in Pittsburgh, I landed on Dor-Stop. Why is it that I always believe that if a place is featured on DDD, it must be incredible?  I ordered Guy's version of the breakfast jumbot, as I was in the mood for something on the spicy side. My waitress confirmed the order verbally. I received the regular jumbot instead, but didn't say anything because I was on a tight schedule with a plane to catch.  I was disappointed with the lack of flavor/seasoning in my meal. It consisted of scrambled eggs, ham, bell peppers, and some type of cheese (tasted artificial and powder-based). The eggs were wetter than I prefer when I order them scrambled. Maybe they added water? Several pieces of ham I ate were very gristly and inedible. I ate less than half of the meal and left. I wouldn't go back.
We were in Pittsburgh from out of town and read the reviews so we decided on Don Campiti's Pizza. Urban Spoon rated 91% favorite. This pizza is not good. Honestly, it tastes like Geno's frozen pizza from the grocery store. The pepperoni was very good. The crust was super thin and tasted like a salteen cracker. I've had much better pizza and will be exploring other options next time I'm in the burg.
People really are nuts about their pizza in the 'burgh - this I'm learning.   I ordered a pizza from here because it's in my hood (walking distance, even) and because someone told me it's been their favorite pizza since they were wee little. I think a lot of places in Pit have false-yum status because people are just emotionally attached to things they've eaten for so many years... I don't fault them for that, but this just isn't great pizza, in my opinion.
The Hype surrounding this place will probably lead to your great disappointment.  We moved in to the neighborhood, and all we heard was Campiti's this Campiti's that, and how it is without a doubt, the best pizza in the Burgh.  So, of course we tried it, and were pretty excited to do so. Now I have lived in several different Pittsburgh neighborhoods, and you always find the pizza you like where you live. Campiti's pizza is not the pizza I like. I wouldn't order a pizza from them again.  Honestly, it was about up to a frozen pizza standard. Now, I'm not saying they are making frozen pizzas, they aren't but, I have even had better frozen pizzas than the pizza we got from Campiti's.  Another reviewer hit the nail on the head saying people who say this is the best pizza around probably have some long running emotional attachment to this place That can be he only logical reason that people actually say it.  .
I am not impressed.  The food was so-so and my boyfriend and I had a coupon purchased that morning from restaurants.com and they wouldn't accept it. I bought it that morning, sorry if it should have been taken off the website but you should honor it. I would not pay their full price for it, but with a nice coupon then maybe it could be worth it. The quality of the food was not good enough to outweigh the service.
Mediocre  Food  Service and Atmosphere. Better to stay clear and save your money.   Judging from the empty tables the luster and joy of the Namaste we remembered is no longer.  We experienced the following sub par  dishes while dining after 8 pm on a Friday evening in an empty restaurant:  Bland reheated Samosas. Flavorless Malek Paneer. ( the cheese pcs were quite good despite)  inconsistent  and barely there flavors of certainly fresh frozen spinach mix.  Barely reheated Naan.   We traveled to eat at Namaste specifically based on delightful past experience. Obviously that feeling is long gone.  The staff  were content to chat with friends and answer frequent texts and cell phone calls while we ate.   The loud thump of bass from modern indian music with the  electric din of the TV playing Bollywood extracts might have been a nice distraction in a busy restaurant.  Instead  when added to the ding of texts and cell phone calls the loud background noises detracted rather than added  anything to an already mediocre dining experience.
I was very excited to try this place since the closure of Maharaja left us without a good Indian buffet on the side of Pittsburgh where I live, and I wasn't crazy about the restaurant that moved in afterward.  The place was relatively deserted on a Saturday afternoon and we were soon greeted by a woman who asked us what kind of naan we wanted (onion or plain).  The food tasted fairly good but what really turned us off was the woman who worked there and her constant coughing, hacking and wheezing without even covering her mouth!  Clearly she had a nasty cold and should've stayed home that day!  I cringed every time she went back into the kitchen (we could here her back there hacking up a lung) or came over to our table.  It was so unappetizing that we hardly ate anything and got out of there as soon as possible.  I don't think I can go back there given their low standard of hygiene.  Ick, I'm cringing right now thinking of it.  On the plus side though, it did keep me from overeating.  Maybe I should have my husband cough and hack at me whenever we go to buffets from now on!  Anyway, I hate to trash a restaurant but I had to voice my concerns.  I am very conflicted about giving the second star, but the food itself wasn't bad.  Try at your own risk!
Lunch time...we opted for the menu vs. the buffet for my family's first time indian...I ordered for them, knowing what they would like.  My issues: Holy Sh!t was it expensive for lunch!!!! The old woman was NOT nice.  AT ALL. Gobi Manchurian for an appetizer was small and 12.50! what????? however, perhaps the best I've ever tasted...I just refuse to ever pay that ever again for that portion.  Crazy. In addition, each entree was $11-$12 and only came with rice.  I paid $2.50 additional for each order of naan.  Also crazy. That said...for 4 people, my lunch tab came to $70.  SEVENTY DOLLARS.  For an appetizer, 4 entrees, and naan.  No drinks. So, I will never be back.  Which is sad, really.  However....the food was damn good.  We had chicken vindaloo, good and spicy, and chicken tikka masala, mild with a good sweet taste.  Hey Namaste....hit me up if you ever work on your prices and customer service....I'll give it another go.  Until then, I will be sticking with Cafe Dahli.
Agree with chaitiyana. This place is pretty bad. The food isn't fresh. They have a Buffet even for dinner. I stayed at Days Inn for 2wks here and was forced to eat here a few times. The mango lassi was good, the naans (when fresh) were good, but mostly it all stunk.
I'm not about reviewing fast food places, but I found out this Arby's was the first in Pittsburgh. It even has the HUGE cowboy hat out front as a marker.   It has all the stuff you'd expect, Roast Beef sandwiches, and those amazing Jamocha Shakes Arby's is known for.
This is a very typical neighborhood Foodland.  It looks like it hasn't been renovated since the days of the Steelers "Immaculate Reception", but it kind of has a certain well-worn charm.  The place is crowded and cramped too, but not unpleasant.  The parking lot is very small, but as I was taking the "T", it wasn't an issue.   I stopped here last night because I was in the neighborhood attending a meeting at someone's house close by and I volunteered to pick up a treat.   I'd say that this place is worth it for your run-of-the-mill staples and nothing else.
It's an IGA now.
Meh. At best. So I went to Bado's tonight w/ my dad and sister and it was a bit lackluster. I started out with chicken noodle soup (w/ no noodles) and a very spicy bloody ( I know. I know. I am an avid evening bloody mary drinker.) The bloody mary was pretty awesome for what I assume is a pre-made mix. I also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell! Iceberg lettuce, croutons, cucumbers, and dry swordfish. Lame. My dad got a meatball casserole which is something I would have never ordered...meatballs and casserole aren't a selling point for me, let alone as a package deal.  This meatball casserole dish was just pasta and meatballs...thankfully for my dads heart.   My sister got a salad (again just iceberg lettuce, croutons, cucumbers) with chicken fingers.  She also split a small mushroom pizza with my dad which was above average.   I guess pizza is what Bados is known for so you should just stick with that if you go.    Pro: Spicy bloody marys, decent pizza, cute waiter, wide beer selection Con: bland salads, noodleless noodle soups, not many healthy options, no dinner entrees besides pasta,
I went with my boyfriend and one of his coworkers to this joint for lunch last week. As the rating suggests - meh.  It wasn't terrible and the service was fine. I just feel like I've had much better pizza elsewhere around town. And for sure a better margherita. Theirs fell into the category that I find most end up in: a regular cheese pizza. Quite a few places seem to not understand the differences between the two, and this place was no different.  Now, the cheese/margherita pizza they served me was pretty good, but it didn't stand out for me. The other two ordered sandwiches of some sort that they both really seemed to like. The beer selection was also a bit lacking for my taste, but that may just be because they didn't have anything I liked so I stuck with water (that's me when I go out to eat: alcohol or water ;).
I just want to like it due to its location and great beer selection, but the food is awful.
Chose Bado's on a whim. Worst waitress ever. Couldn't remember anything. Husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce. It was runny and bland. I ordered the veggie burger, which was nice and spicy, and came with delicious fries. The only redeeming part of our experience. A fly kept hovering over us, while children screamed in the background. Would not go back.
We have had really wonderful experiences with this place along with really terrible ones. The same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same. I ordered the same burger twice and it came different and not great the second time. The fries were ways very soggy and cold. We would keep ordering from them if we knew we could be paying for what we expected. I want so badly to like this place!!
I have enjoyed Bado's many times. The pizza is great, and wings are pretty good too. BUT the last three times the staff has been awful. I'm not usually one to complain, as I know waiting sucks and people are awful. But the attitudes of the staff: servers, host, and bar, are not what I would expect. The shortness, negativity and scoffing when we ordered are unacceptable. I try and give the benefit of the doubt, maybe it's a bad day but when the same server presents the same way multiple times its him, not us. I suggest take out, because the food is still good!
Huge salad served on a small plate? Horrible drink (old Fashioned)? Spaghetti--huge amount, no taste? Noise level--painful? Why I will never return?
I've been wanting to stop in here for the longest time.  Pizza, sandwiches, beer, what could go wrong?  Well, everything I guess.  The decor is kinda old and dated and dirtyish.  The server wasn't at all pleasant - I felt like we were keeping him from something.  I wasn't at all impressed with the beer selection but in fairness, I lean heavily on German wheats and the only thing that caught my eye was Franziskaner.  The food.  Well, it wasn't horrible but it also didn't blow me away.  Passable for bar food I suppose, but if I wanted a good pie for the same money, I'd be at A'Pizza Badamo on Washington.  My daughter who is a pizza fanatic only had a slice and a half before calling it quits - she's the expert and it says volumes when she won't eat more than a slice and a half.  The kids tried and rejected the pasta we got them to try as well as there was no taste to the sauce.  All in all, very disappointing in our book.  I can't imagine that we will be returning and that's a bummer as I had heard really good things about this place.
The service was good, the location is great...but the pizza was really not good at all.  We had two pizzas: a meat-lovers and a veggie, both on traditional crust.  The crust was extremely bland, the toppings and sauce were pretty sparse, and there was simply no flavor.  I'm really hesitant to post poor reviews, but there was no getting around it: the pizza was really bad by any standard.
Got into Pittsburgh late this evening and this was the only place around that was still open and delivered after 11 pm. I give them a half star for this.   They have a few vegetarian choices on the menu. I give them another half star for this. I ordered what I thought would have the most vegetables, the "vegetable calzone."   They ended up delivering a "Mediterranean calzone," which was also vegetarian, but it wasn't what I ordered. The small portion of vegetables was tasty and most of them seemed fresh, so I give them another half star for this. I didn't bother to ask if anything was organic.  They told me it would be about a 45 minute wait, but it ended up being closer to 30 and the delivery guy was friendly. I give them another half star for under-promising and over-delivering.   This place might be great for people who love fresh made bread and lots of cheese, but it's not a vegan delight!
I just moved to Carnegie and was looking for a good pizza joint. I put my order in for a chefs salad and fried mushrooms and after over an hour wait time I was less than excited about what I got. The mushrooms were SOAKING WET the first one I bit into had so much liquid I nearly choked. The salad when I first opened it was literally just cheese I poured on the dressing and shook it up and when I opened it back up it was 60% meat 30% cheese and 10% veggies. While most people wouldn't complain I was little upset having to throw away what felt like a pound of meat because there's no way any human can handle that much in one sitting. I can't comment on their pizzas or customer service as I ordered online, but from my single experience it's not something I plan on doing anytime soon. Maybe I'll try again in a few months if other places don't pan out.
The service is not that amazing, it's almost as if they don't care to have a business. I've dealt with them for large orders and while meeting the deadlines they request, it's never enough. They usually don't have your requested kegs and will tell you to order earlier (which by experience still does not help).   The saving grace is likely for individual sales. From the times I've had go to the store to pick up our "deliveries" (ie. nearly every time), it looked like they had a decent selection from the wall for cases...but who knows if they actually carry the selection.
Cons: * Very cramped space, aisles are so narrow that you have to carry your case sideways. * Only a few items were priced with signs hanging above them. * No shopping carts.  Pros: * Decent selection * Chilled section
good selection of beers*, but the food is appalling. sysco-truk curly fries and run-of-the-mill hotdogs that don't even have natural casings. puh-leez. if you're gonna put "dogz" in the name of your restaurant at least try to serve something better than what you can get on sale at giant eagle.   no joke: I prefer the O. their fries are made out of potatoes and their dogs have real casings.   * and by "good" I mean "good for PA" where liquor laws are an absurd kafkaesque mess and a lindeman's geuze is about as interesting as it gets (for like $15, natch)
I'm over it.   Too many instances of bad service. Though that one woman who I have seen working there for a long time is solid. But going back to what I started with; seems like the inmates are running the prison these days.   The beer to-go costs more here than it does in New York City or Brooklyn. Think about that people.  (The Monroeville location is better, imo.)
I don't understand the hype for D's, although I guess their beer selection *does* rule.  If selection drives your decision-making, definitely head on over.  However, if you'd like to receive anything other than slow, resentful service from your waitstaff, or food that is anything above sub-par, head on by without stopping.  I've lived just down Forbes from D's for 3 yrs, and walk down there with friends a lot during the summer and early fall.  I'm also a former bartender and waitress, so I can say with experience and certainty that I've received just downright terrible service there about 80% of the times I've been.  Once, a friend and I stopped in for lunch with her kids and ended up waiting for the check 18 minutes after we'd asked to receive it.  We were both fuming, and the waitress just looked annoyed and kept ignoring us to chat with her buddy.  Another time, my husband and I came in 15 minutes before the ordering deadline, and watched as the waitress did not approach our table until exactly the cut-off time.  She proudly announced that we could no longer order food (we just wanted pretzels, for god's sake).  Food is pretty lackluster, although it's a nice touch that they have veggie dogs.  Upstairs, expect about the same level of service, with a douchy element of annoyed resentment from the bartender, along with even douchy-ier clientele.   I know D's is a favorite neighborhood place, but I'm tired of the abuse from waitstaff who look annoyed that I'm even there.  If this was just a once-in-a-while occurrence, I'd be forgiving, but 3 years is long enough to judge.
Obviously the great rep of this place is their beer selection.  A lot of bottles.  Decent tap selection, though you are guaranteed to have a rather lopsided selection among the taps.  Food is fair; I've yet to go there with others and have our whole meal come out at once.  Salad will come first, then a couple of dogs, then fries.  If you are polite and civil and believe in not eating until everyone is served, well, let's just say that no one ever taught the manager, cooks or servers here that lesson.  Now, their service:  Really lackluster.  "Entitled" is the word I would use.  It pains me to give them 15%, because honestly, they don't earn it, even when I was a regular and knew some of them by name. Meh.
Seriously average food with above average prices. The waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves. I'm wondering if a prerequisite to work here is to feel that you're better than others because you know all the Belgium beers.
I thought D's was beer mecca of Western PA until i recently discovered House Of A Thousand Beers. The latter is a bit of a drive, but you won't see anything like it in the area. That being said, I stopped in Ds today and i must say the cave is slowly but surely going down hill. They use to have countless hard to find beers, Ottos, etc. Hardly saw any of that today. And what specialty beers they do have costs an arm and a leg, and can be found for cheaper elsewhere. For example, $14 for a 12 oz bottle of Wulver and $25 for a bottle of Angel Share! Whoever is actually subjecting themselves to those outrageous prices are literally getting robbed. You can find a $25 four pack of Wulver and a $10 single of Angel Share at Giant Eagle.. In fact, you can find most of the beers in the cave at Giant Eagle at a much lower price... Shop smart and mix and match a sixer at Giant Eagle for half the price.
OK,  this is a place to get beer and the food is secondary.However service still  matters and the service on my visit today leaves a lot to be desired. First the food. Great Chicago dogs with all the fixings but so so Cuban dog with underwhelming toppings.Perhaps it was because their fryer was out but the toppings on the Cuban dog seemed to be out of a plastic pack from Giant  Eagle.The beer was fine a Belgian ale, probably the best part of my experience. The first server I had did get me a second glass of beer but although I asked for a menu never got back to me to see what I wanted to order.Eventually another server did and I ordered.So if you want a beer definitely come on over and for some of the hot dogs you'll be fine but if you want consistent service forget it This is the ultimate in bro style  service best suited to half loaded  college students or anyone with low expectations of service at a bar and grill.
I want to like this place because it's so close to my house, but they just keep disappointing me.  First of all, the veggie dogs are greasy and don't taste any better than the frozen Morningstar ones you buy at Giant Eagle. Fries are nothing special. And my order has been wrong (either missing a topping or with extra toppings I did not want) every time I've been here. And it's expensive for what it is. Ridiculous to pay $40+ for four hot dogs and soft drinks (no alcohol included).  It's also so loud in the restaurant that it is pointless to even try to talk to your dining companions.  The worst part, though, is the service.  You practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you. And I don't even mean refilling your drink. I mean to put your order in in the first place, and to pay your bill.   Go to Franktuary. It's a million times better in every way.
D's used to be great, but it has fallen behind some of the other offerings in pittsburgh.  A decent beer selection with modest pricing. However, check the price of a beer before you buy it. Some of their selections are not well marked, and I accidentally drank a $15 12oz beer and didn't learn of it till I got my bill (it was mixed in with some $5 beers from the same brewery).   The  Chicago style hot dog I got was good. But not $6 for 1 standard size dog good.   So I walked out of there paying $28 (tip included) for 1 beer, 1 hot dog and a handful of fries. Not a good value in my book. Probably won't be back.
I was pleased that Candalina Bide ordered my gown as a rush and it did arrive in time for the wedding.  The downside:  the alterations were very expensive and very poorly done.  The hem looked as if a high student just learning to sew had done it and I had to make some repairs and press the hem once I got it home.  The alterations to the bodicve were incomplete and i ended up with a poor fit and lots of excess materialright across the bust.  I would order from them again, but definitely take my dress to a professional seamstress.
I only got a tear in my sweater sewn together, but my experience was far from pleasant, even expecting nothing special when I walked into the place.    I went to the dry cleaner out of convenience as I live right in Regent Square.  I took my sweater to the dry cleaner on 2/19/2013 for a tear in the seem, and they told me it would not be available for pickup on 2/25/2013 after 5:00PM.... almost a week later.  What?   Also, the staff was fairly rude and all had chips on their shoulders.  I'm not entirely sure how their cleaning/sewing process works, but it's slow as molasses and I don't have time for that.  Their lack of urgency coupled with their lack of customer service or even cracking a smile means I will never go back to this dry cleaner.
I just moved to the neighborhood and needed to find a dry cleaner close by. Regency Cleaners is fine for dry cleaning but do not entrust any tailoring or hemming to this place! I had the sleeves of my coat hemmed and the tailor (or whoever) did a shitty job (THANKS).  The owner (larger woman) is rude and dismissive of my questions.  I won't be coming here again.
There's a reason why there are only two reviews currently for this place. Maybe it's that spending thirty minutes in the main bar area will make you spontaneously asphyxiate.  They seriously need to invest in an air purifier.  The bar itself is a huge space, though very few will ever make it into the back room.  It's essentially a dead zone.  There's a fancy back bar that remains closed so that two bartenders can roost on top of each other like Master/Blaster in Beyond Thunderdome and watch TV.  This kind of forces patrons to hover near the front.  So, uh, invest in a second TV, a nice coat of paint, maybe some dimmer light bulbs.  You know, gussy yourself up a bit Murphy's.  It will make you feel more confident.  Who doesn't want a new coat of paint? Huh? HUH? The reason that this place is a two, is that it has an unbelievable amount of potential that's just squandered.
It's a typical dark and smokey dive bar. I don't say this in a negative way. It is what it is. Drinks are reasonably priced. There's a jukebox and darts. Fun crowd, mostly regulars. As a former RS resident it was a place within walking distance to meet up with friends.
Yeah, not impressed. We ordered the fried zucchini to start. It's great that it's freshly hand battered, but they seem to have forgotten something -- the FLAVOR. This stuff had no seasoning on it at all, so we have to pour on a generous helping of salt to get it to taste like anything. And for $8 that's disappointing.  We each ordered burgers. At $10 a pop I was expecting a nice juicy burger. What I got was dry and totally tasteless. The whole burger just tasted like nothing. Perhaps their salt shaker fell on the floor and rolled under the fridge or something tonight. It was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries. Again NO SALT OR SEASONING. For a $40 night out I really shouldn't have to dump salt all over everything I order.   The service...meh. Our server was so meek I could barely hear her. Serving takes a bit of personality, no? When we asked what the happy hour specials were, she said "Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....it depends on the drink." What? What does that mean? Basically it means you get a random discount on whatever you order, maybe, perhaps. There is no list, no standard "$5.00 well drinks" or anything normal like that. It's basically "order something and hope it's on our happy hour specials."  Rather disappointed. They need to either lower their prices or kick it up a notch on the food and service.
Dark, spacious, and neighborhood friendly is how I'd describe Dunnings, a fixture on Braddock Ave for years.   I met my friend Jean here, she is a once a week customer. Lucky her living on Biddle Street, she lunches daily at different eateries on Braddock ave. One day the Square Cafe (read my review), one day the Map Room, another day D's Packs n Dogs.   Looking over the menu, my choices were limited to a veggie wrap or salads. I chose a veggie wrap, sans cheese with a side of apple sauce. The wrap was nothing special, mushrooms, spinach, lettuce, tomato, and a side of canned applesauce.  Jean had a buffalo chicken wrap and iced tea. She complained the tea was weak, I never noticed. She said he wrap was good, a chicken breast fried, then drenched in buffalo chicken sauce, then drenched in blue cheese dressing and wrapped in a flour tortilla.   Dunnings is nothing special, it's a long time establishment that gets by on regulars. This day, the most I saw in the place was 9 people in the bar and dinning room.   Service was ok, out waitress seemed to be preoccupied with something or someone in the kitchen and it took forever for her to bring the bill to the table.
It's got it's ups and downs.  It's got a reasonably attractive interior, antique tin ceilings, a broad selection of dozens of beers and a tasty looking menu featuring daily specials.  So why my low score?  D's at the other end of the block puts their beer collection to shame offering 1000 beers,  Both times I've eaten here the wait to be served has been extremely slow (at least 30 minutes and up) the prices are a bit high ($10-$15 for a lunch entree) and most importantly the food is in general heavy and bland.  This is not a terrible place, but with so many delicious spots nearby in regent square like the green mango, map room, d's and the square cafe you should keep on walking.  That said, if you wanted a quiet spot to grab a beer with a friend, you could definitely do worse, but skip the boring food.
Average food, slightly above average prices for the quality/taste, average price for the location, lack-luster service.  This place (the location, the actual building itself, etc.) could be so much more.  I wish they would either step it up, or sell the business to someone that would let it achieve its true potential.  Until then, there are other dining options in Regent Square and they should be explored.
I really wanted to like this place, because it sounds like it used to be really popular. We heard the burgers were very good once upon a time, so we tried them, but they were just ok. Nice people though, and plenty of seating. Good place to watch the game probably (bar).
Went in on a Wed night. Waited 15 minutes for drinks, 40 minutes for good. Food was average, service very bad. Never going back.
I am updating my review of the Oakmont store after my last experience consigning there. The store employee happily accepted all of my items- until the next day when I received a call that the owner rejected half of the items. This was the third time I consigned with Ambiance in Oakmont, and I only offered items that I thought were in excellent condition from high end retailers; even though I have seen brands in the store from Charter Club for example (Ambiance says they do not accept them in the consigning agreement). The employee was very apologetic and she said that she stood by her assessment that the items were of good quality, but the owner (who she seemed upset with) disagreed. So, get your stuff together Ambiance owner and either train your employees better, or only accept items yourself so that you do not inconvenience potential customers like me. Surprisingly, I did not receive the same return on this set of consigned items; not sure if that is coincidence or not.
Right, so......  First off, hire employees that actually appreciate having a job.  Not ones that are there because they are forced to.  That way, maybe you can actually earn a decent review.  If you start off with a bad experience with an employee, you're not going to get a great review.  I went here midday on a Sunday.  Thought that was a great idea, especially when I got there and there were no cars in the drive thru.  Pull up to the sign to order and wait for five minutes before I am even acknowledge that I am there.  Finally order and pull around, I wait another five minutes.  I could understand the wait if there was someone in front of me, or if the sit down area inside was packed, but there was no one else there but ME.  I'd gladly tell y'all the employee's name, that is if where the name is suppose to be wasn't ripped off.  All I can really say is that she was a real ball of sunshine.  I was made to feel like I was interrupting her day and that I should have just went somewhere else to spend my money.  You know what really puts me in a tizzy (yes, I just used that word)?  Leaving the drive thru, driving the distance to my house, walking into my house, sitting down to feed my face and find that part of my order wasn't given to me.  *enter angry expletives here*  I doubt I'll be revisiting this location again, I'll drive the further distance from my place the next time I'm craving a taco or two.
The drive through service here leaves something to be desired.  Not only was my order wrong but the lady was very grumpy.
While the shop is in a pretty great location, with cute decor, they only accept cash (which is annoying), and the friendliness of the staff varies significantly, from awesome to terrible. I could deal with either--and have, given my love of coffee shops--but I guess I need consistency. I want to know what to expect, you know?  Their coffee is pretty good--not awesome, but certainly drinkable. Their pastries vary a bit, as well; that they offer carrot cake cupcakes is pretty cool, but I think something's wrong with their fridge, making things stale half the time.  Kind of meh.  (Note on "outdoor seating:" It's really no good unless you smoke, because there's one employee who spends half the day out there, smoking.)
The place smells awful.   Its non-smoking, but reeks of stale smoke, and when I spend 1/2 an hour there, I leave smelling like smoke.  This isn't an isolated incident, but it really smells every time I've been in there (at least once a month for the past couple years).  on the up side: decent coffee, decent assorted snacks (pastries, sandwiches, etc.), great location.
I really want to see small coffee shops succeed, I do. Regent Square is full of small businesses and the community is really supportive. I believe this and the lack of coffee chains is the only reason they are still open. They are cash only, but so is half of all the other businesses on that street, so I don't hold it against them.   It's dingy. They don't use their space well. Coffee is brewed in poured into an regular old coffee pump pot. The desserts looked good, but there was one lonely cookie and two cupcakes (granted it was Saturday night). It just looked really sparse.
This is a depressing coffee shop. I went in on a wednesday afternoon to find the place dim, muggy, eerily silent (as in no music or talk, just shuffling noises), and filled with a sense of sadness.  I tried to sit down and enjoy some coffee, which was drinkable, but I couldn't get over the odd atmosphere, that is until the music started, so quiet I couldn't even tell you what it was, just that it was on. I'm giving it two stars for the awesome alternative energy posters hanging on the far wall.
Regent Square is a nice little area, and it certainly deserves a better coffee shop than Katerbean.  We just moved to Pittsburgh in July, and before we got the interwebs in our home, we would frequent Katerbean fairly regularly, at least 2 to 3 times per week in order to use their free wi-fi and have a drink.  Every time... EVERY TIME we went there, we left reeking of smoke.  There's no smoking inside, of course, but it always happened.  Maybe it's due to poor ventilation, or the fact that the employees were regularly outside smoking, but we always left smelling like we were in a bar.  Then, the tables were usually dirty.  When we would order our drink, we would usually have to get ourselves a napkin, wet it, and wipe our table ourselves. Not surprising, as most of the employees I've encountered there (with the exception of the very nice older woman) seemed pretty put out when I asked for anything.  In any case, we have internet access at home now, and haven't been back to Katerbean since. I guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it.
Yeah, I agree with the general consensus of Katerbean. One of these days, I'm going to write an anonymous note that will include a copy of this review. I don't think that the owners mean any harm by leaving the wall painted sherbet orange, sans artwork, but may just need some guidance. Yes, the place smells. A good carpet scrubbing would work, but tearing it up would be much better. The coffee is a step up from foldgers. The soy milk tastes like whole milk. Tables are often dirty. A little bit of interior design education, or change of management could make this place totally rock, especially with Root 176 and the Regent Theater right up the street. Regent Square is crying out for a good coffee shop! Could she be the one??? Hopefully someday? I am keeping my fingers (and toes) crossed!
Yeah, I'm not coming here anymore.  1) They charge extra for whipped cream. 2) They use canned whipped cream. If you're gonna charge me for whipped cream you damn well better make your own fresh whipped cream. Jeez. 3) My hot chocolate was just gross. Like they use Hershey's chocolate syrup or something. Yuck. 4) I saw how they keep their filters prefilled with ground coffee just sitting out on the counter to get stale! WTF?  Sigh. I hope the people at Biddle's Revenge open that place up soon and know WTF they are doing...
Cigarette smoke and ashtray smells combined with mediocre coffee and subpar customer service are not my cup of tea, and I never even rank the tea here. Thank the Flying Spaghetti Monster that Biddle's Escape opened and now I have absolutely no reason to go to Katerbean.
I have been a customer of the Triangle Bar & Grill for over twenty five years.  They have the BEST subs ever.   BUT on this trip I was buying several to share with people from out of town.  They are cash only and more than happy to show you an ATM that charges you $2.50 per transaction.  The employees don't set the rules but have to live with them.  That $2.50 came out of their tip, they can hit up their boss for the rest.  Its 2014 and they still don't take credit and or debit cards.  Shame on them.
It's nice. But they use the cheapest meats they can find and you can taste it. Also, If you are going to call it and Italian. Use Pepperoni.
Pizza was fine but nothing special. The salad I ordered was wrong, though. And beware of the prices: What's on the website is wrong. And the manager and owner will say there's nothing they can do about that (except charge you the higher price that isn't on the website).
This is the closest grocery store to me, and I go out of my way to avoid it.  Finding a parking spot is horrible with stop signs everywhere right in front of the main entrance to the store.  Everything is all out of place and it's hard to make a connection as to where a product might be located in the store.  Mind you there are in the middle of a remodel, so I may come back and make and addendum to my review at a later date after the dust settles.    As prices go, they are the norm for the Pittsburgh area.  Variety, yeah, they got that covered.  Tidiness, they are working on that.
I really don't get Giant Eagle. They are nice enough, but pricing just makes no sense at all to me. It is close to my house so I'll drop in to buy a thing or two, but would rather go just about anywhere else for my weekly shopping trip.
I love that most of their employees make it known that they would rather be anywhere else but here.  The prices are higher than most other competitors but it's the closest store to us so it's easy to get to.
Please clean your floor properly.  It feels like Crisco under your feet.  Very dangerous.
Nothing special, it is Kmart after all.    Deals are hard to come by, but you have to just look a little bit longer.  It is true that the employees really don't seem to care that they are at work.  I can relate, I did my time in retail.  Although I left it when my time was due.    Good for the area if you don't want to run to a nearby shopping area.
Are employees required to be grumpy here? They all look like they hate their job. The store is well stocked but the prices are usually higher than competitors.
Nothing special. Precooked meals that taste microwaved.
Worst Applebee's experience I've had.  We were seated and then waited 10 minutes to even be greeted.  And then it was only because we flagged someone down.  No apologies when we were finally taken care of.  I needed to ask for water three times before I finally went up to the bar to ask for some.  It was then that our server came over with water.  We ordered soup and entrees.  He delivered one soup and an appetizer claiming that was what we ordered and there was no way he misheard.  About five minutes later a manager came over and said something to the lines of "I understand that you've had some issues"  I then proceeded to very calmly explain what our issues had been.  You could tell he wasn't very interested in what we had to say and didn't seem to care that his server had issues.  His lack of caring was apparent in the fact that while we were waiting to be greeted and during one of the many asks for water, there were several servers and the manager standing behind the bar shooting the breeze.  The food (once the order was right) was good, but the wait and the mistakes make it highly unlikely we will never return to this location.
I told everyone that I wasn't feeling this. Should have listened to my gut on this one. We didn't make reservations for our party of 7, which I suppose we should have. They had to create space for us. Like really create it. Where we were all sitting in the walkway. Knew I was in the walkway when the waiter asked for us to move so that a little girl in a wheelchair could get around. But I didn't have a problem with that. What I have a problem with is all the nasty flies in the building. And while you're eating too...it's so disgusting. The place is so freakin crowded as well...maybe just because I hate being in crowded and tight spots.  As far as the menu, I wasn't impressed. It took me 20 mins to find something (partly because I'm picky). But I ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo, nothing to rave about. I wanted more broccoli than what was provided, but oh well. The lime/kiwi lemonade was pretty good though.
They took their vegetarian meal off the menu.  They'll make one for you especially but I always feel demanding and would prefer if they had just kept it on the menu.  Plus, this one is always really quiet.  Like, I feel guilty, like I'm troubling the staff.  And you have to drive through an apartment's parking lot to get there.  Very awkward location and atmosphere.
I have been going to Benihana's back when it was Samuri... I visit the Cleveland and Pittsburgh one frequently. The cleveland one is better but they are both going down hill at a very fast past. I keep giving them another chance and i keep getting disappointed. They have changed so many things in the past year and its for the worse. The shrimp the order they give you the food, the way the cut the veggies. Im becoming a Huge fan of Itchiban both the one in robinson and cranberry, Its cheaper and you get more food for your money . I hope Beni's changes. I even e mailed them and they didnt respond .
I have to admit, I kind of thought Benihana was fictitious until we moved to Pittsburgh... and then low and behold, there was one right near where we live. The food is okay. There are better hibachi options in the area. The service can be okay or awful. One time, we were there with our kids and had an absolutely EVIL waitress. One of my kids isn't a big eater, so instead of ordering her a full kids' meal, we just got a side order of rice and soup. The kids' meal her brother was having came with ice cream, so when we were done with dinner, we asked if she could get ice cream as well. I don't know if she thought we wanted the ice cream free (which we definitely didn't!) but she said no, we absolutely COULD NOT order ice cream separately. You either get it with the kids' meal or you don't get it. WTF?
Very disappointing. We love Japanese steak houses and this was our least favorite meal in Pittsburgh. Nice atmosphere, service was fine, but our dinner was average to poor. The salad dressing was tasteless, the jumbo shrimp was under cooked and chewy.  It tasted more steamed than hot grilled. The shrimp sauce was very thick and not that flavorful. Our chef ( new and slow) compulsively wiped his knives and the grill (which was dirty when we sat down) with a dirty rag?  I guess a lot depends on the chef you get but ours cooked a tasteless meal. The sushi people ordered at the table looked good.   We are not big on the circus atmosphere of Saga, but the Wexford location does have the best hibachi food in Pittsburgh to our taste.
Since the changes its just awful. Shortcuts in sushi. Quality of food is just not the same. The staff is very neglecting. It's sad to see what was once a great place go downhill due to changes in management. Very sad.
My son's girlfriend told him that she wanted to eat at a hibachi restaurant.  So I thought what a better place to go then the original, Benihana.  It's been a while since we ate here since other places have opened in the neighborhood.    We made our reservations for 6:30pm and did not get seated until 6:47pm.  No explanation, no apology, nothing.  They weren't even close to being busy.    After being seated our conversation was interrupted by two issues.  One the door to the kitchen squeaks, loudly.  Now you can just imagine how many times during a dinner that door is used.  Buy some WD40 please.  The open hibachi station/seating area next to us was being vacuumed.  Which I found rather ironic since the carpeted hallways that surround the bar were so dirty it made me think about leaving.  All of this compounded by the hostess being more concerned with takeout orders, a manager walking in circles and not doing a thing.   Overall, very dissappointing experience.  There are much better and cleaner options.    I am not commenting on our chef/cook because I could tell he was new and not well trained.
Perhaps our mistake was going on a Sat.night in the summer .Who knew it would be packed to the gills with thirsty college students.  Loud is an understatement. We were crammed into a little table the four of us elbow to elbow with the diners seated on both sides.  This already has put me in a bad mood.I never did well in Europe sharing my table with stranger and in the U.S it irks me even more  It took forever to get our drinks of simply water and soda.  We at last caught our waitresses eye and was told should would take care of us she guessed.....? What the heck she was the same waitress who took the drink order and was delivering the food next to us.  When Ms.Wiffty finally brought our long awaited food it is totally the wrong order.We even considered asking if we could just keep it because we had waited so long, but no off she went to leave us for another 20 minutes.  What we got at long last was so disappointing.  It tasted no better than Taco Bell anywhere in America.Think nacho grande with a side of Guacamole. First and last visit.We did notice on the bill she gave us the wrong check .It was for half the amount of food we ordered and was probably some poor guys check.We waved her over .Her reply was just leave the money on the table I'll come by and get it later................  So we did.
Not a pleasant experience.  While looking at the menu, we ordered a margarita and a draft beer.  The beer came in a bottle instead of a draft and the margarita had a terrible funky taste - almost a "plastic chemical" taste.  Next we chose to have chips and dips/salsa.  We were able to choose three dips/salsas and the server brought one that was incorrect.  To his credit, he promptly corrected the error and brought the right one.  Needless to say we elected not to have dinner and departed after drinks and chips.  There is much better Mexican food and drink in the 'burgh.
You have no idea how badly I WANT to like this place. They are incredibly vegetarian/vegan-friendly. I just haven't been impressed by anything I've ordered there. Even the chips and salsa aren't terribly good. I do like the bar-- they have great sangria-- but that's about it.
This place is okay. The waiter was horrible and barely checked on us. The food was also not too good. It was very bland and didn't have a lot of taste to it. I will not be coming back.
The food isn't terrible, but not impressive.  I lived in LA for 4 years, so I'm super spoiled when it comes to having good Meixcan food.  We got a burrito, which was just stuffed with fillers such as rice and beans..no thanks.  There was nothing memorable about the taste of it whatsoever.  Who seriously wants a huge burrito like that?  I'd rather have a normal sized one that actually tastes good and isn't filled with crap.  We got the steak fajitas, which were actually pretty decent.  The steak was cooked perfectly as ordered, which I appreciate.  We also got the chips with salsa and guac, which were good, but, come on, it's really not hard to mess those up!  Overall, I'm just not impressed, but I guess you can't really find that great of Mexican food options in Pittsburgh.
I think its time to sacrifice time and convenience. When we visit the area....this place always lacks the experience that we receive from ShadySide, Robinson, and Ross Park. Even though it closer to my Dad's House when visiting...its time for us to part ways. The food and service is never as good at this location. I love, love, love their tofu tacos...but this was just eh this time...it was as though the thick pieces fell apart and they were small and too crunchy and maybe just old...bleh. I couldn't even finish them, even though I cannot wait to eat them the 3 times a year I get to have them. Total Bummer.
I'm in from out of town, and I'm so surprised and disappointed about the level of we received here during a quiet Sunday lunch hour. Our waitress gave us indignant responses to every request, with visible eyerolls to things like sharing fajitas.   When an order came out completely wrong, she said "Sorry for the mixup, but I don't control the kitchen" and made no effort to correct the order. Had she showed any effort or contrition, the error really wouldn't have bothered me, but she actually seemed to act like it was our fault.   It really disappointed me to have my dad treated like this on our family meal together on my final day in town. Please train your staff better and treat customers with any level of appreciation or helpfulness.
Been here a few times now, food is mediocre at best. Had a waitress take my order down wrong, brought out a completely different dish. Last time I was there the waitress was very nice and accommodating, ordered the chicken quesadilla, the chicken was super dry. It's hit or miss with this place, but mostly a miss.
The food was okay, but worst service EVER. I have never felt compelled to write a yelp review before, but it was such a bad experience I felt I needed to share. We were passing through town on our way home from the pirates game and wanted to try something new, and we love mexican so went out of our way to come to mad mex. My boyfriend had been to the one in robinson twp and said it was really good. It took forever for our server to come, and we he did, he acted as though we needed to hurry if we wanted anything. As he took our order, I had a few questions as we ordered because I had never been to a mad mex, and he seemed annoyed and kept looking away at his other tables as we told him what we wanted. Slow for everything, and I felt like it was an inconvenience to even ask for a drink refill. Even when he brought my togo box, we had our payment ready he told us he would be back to take it. Like if you're at our table, why can't you just take my card with you? What if we were in a hurry? I have been a server and I would never say that to a table, and I have never experienced this at a restaurant before. I get you have to do other things, but as a server you should be able to multitask. My boyfriend kept apologizing that he suggested going here because it was such a disappointment. I would maybe try a different mad mex location, but I wouldn't plan to go back to this one.
The food is great, but the service is very slow for being such a compact place.  My last two visits I ventured to the bar twice to get a beer after waiting extended periods at our table. My wife and I both ordered a beer and they took 16 minutes to arrive! :(
I was really hoping that this place would have good food. I was disappointed to some extent. Latin food is my favorite. I'm always trying to checkout new Latin restaurants in the hopes of finding really good food. I ordered 2 ground beef tacos with black beans and rice. The tacos were decent but the rice and beans were horrible. Both were very dry and lacked flavor. If you come here dont order the black beans and rice.
Have wanted to try this restaurant for some time. Finally went on a Friday night. It was loud, but expected that on a Friday night. Had a 30 minute wait which seemed strange as there were at least 4-5 tables open. Whatever, there were two seats at the bar and we decided to eat there. Ordered a Yuengling and a margarita on the rocks, no salt. Bartender came back quickly with what looked like watered down lemonade. WORST MARGARITA I HAVE EVER BEEN SERVED!!!! What the heck? It came out of a can?!?! And this is supposed to be a good Mexican restaurant? Anyway....ordered seasonal chicken tacos. Described as being served with butternut squash, Brussel sprouts and cauliflower. Yum! Served and presented nicely. And it was ICE COLD!!! I mean cold to the touch. Didn't even get time under the warmer. OK, SO bartender takes plate, gets a new order and honestly it was pretty tasty. Have never had fall vegetables in my chicken taco and that made for an interesting and flavorful taco. Although I ultimately enjoyed my dinner, I did. It drink 1/3 of my margarita. Glad I tried this place but won't rush back. Sorry, bummer.
Haven't been here in a long time because the service and food suck!  Waitress was very nice, polite and attentive.  Ordered the Carnitas Burrito, if I wanted rice I would have gone out for Chinese.  Struggled to find the carnitas and peppers....seriously 95% rice.   That was one of the Worst burritos I have ever, ever had.  Never again Mad Mex South Hills!
I attended the sushi class on Monday night.  The instructors were great:  friendly, funny, helpful.  The class structure was good, but certainly geared toward those who have never attempted making their own sushi before.  Everyone had their own station and was able to make three different rolls.    However, I seriously question the value.  The course was to be two and one half hours in duration.  After approximately seventy-five minutes, we began cleaning up to go home.  It should be noted that the 75 minute class time included a 10-15 minute sales pitch of Crate's products. For $60 per person, I was beyond disappointed.  It seems unethical and deliberately misleading to advertise the length of the class and barely run 50% of the scheduled time.  The bottom line:  good instruction, but you'll feel extremely cheated at the end.
A very oddly laid out supermarket. the Deli isle is not very wide, the the walls are closing in on you, and they put the DIY olive cart in front to make it more cluttered. Just a poorly laid out store which is showing it's age.
Holy canoli. This is the strangest giant eagle I've ever seen. The layout is totally weird.. Aisles are like diagonal and there's a freezer section right as you walk in? Check out is hidden around the corner from the entrance.. Only thing worse is the parking lot which is an accident waiting to happen.
I guess around early 2014 I noticed Dennis had left for greener pastures after 20+ years with the local fixture. All my subsequent visits were handled by an increasingly younger staff that didn't know crap about the products they were selling. Was very sad to see Dennis go after frequenting the store for over a decade. Apparently the store is either closing or being reset by DoItBest corporate, but who am I to say? I only know I miss Dennis, his daughter, and their attention to the needs of customers.
Had a beer and an appetizer, so-so.  Service was nice and quick, which is about all I need with the kids.  Kids seemed to like their kids meals, the usual Mac and cheese, grilled cheese, chicken fingers.  Huge line at Mad Mex on Friday night, none here.  I doubt we will go back, too many other choices.
Not up to it's previous brunch standards. Buffet has scaled back in variety and quality.   Still good but no longer excellent.
There's really absolutely nothing special about Max & Erma's. In fact I would say it's probably about the most boring chain restaurant out there. No wait, Ruby Tuesdays still exists... but at least they have a salad bar... hmmm. Anyways, the only reason I keep coming back is because my husband's family LOVES to use their back room for every occasion. Ugh. Can't we just have get-togethers at someone's house like normal families do?   So since we are forced to show up for family functions I've had cause to try much of the menu, and most of it is average or below. The only thing that has been consistently good is their tortilla soup. If you're not getting that, don't bother. I've heard about free cookie Wednesday, but come on, is that really going to drum up that much business? At Eat N' Park, free cookies are a staple. Get it together Max & Erma...
Went here for years, but the service has continues to go down hill steadily.  When I had my all-weathers put on in the spring, they 'forgot' to tighten the valve stems, so all my tires were flat the next morning.  Just went in to have my winter tires put on (figured I'd give them another chance after all these years) and they were just a mess.  After several miscommunications with the guy who was ringing me up (neglected to tell me that my front tires were shot until pressed) they told me it would be an hour or two.  I signed the work order, gave them my keys and headed for the waiting room...at which point, they told me that it would be 4-5 hours.
I don't write fast food reviews often, because I don't really see the point. By definition they aren't fine dining and there usually isn't much of a reason to leave a rave review. So when I do review fast food joints, it's because they're extremely bad at what they do - and this Wendy's location is a prime example of that.  This spot used to be ok enough. I remember coming by with my family and having no serious problems getting a quick bite at all. These days, though, the staff definitely don't have their act together, and I guess management doesn't want to tell them so. I can't remember the last time I got out of their drive-thru lane in under 15 minutes. At first I thought maybe it was a fluke. Now it's become a long-term occurrence. The last time I came, they had the audacity to say "We'll be with you in just a moment" - twice! - and they left me hanging. Each. Time. I ended up staying just to see if they even remembered I was there. They did, after I sat so long that it would have been too long a wait at a sit-down restaurant, let alone in a fast food drive-thru line.  The only reason I keep coming here is because their food at least meets Wendy's standards and gives me something to keep me going between my appointments throughout the day. But based on other reviews, even this isn't always the case. Get in the line here at your own risk. Don't expect much. In fact, skip it altogether if you can, until other visitors can confirm that you won't wait as long as we currently do for our "fast" snacks and meals.
Received bad service today.  Got the wrong chase for my sandwich,  Got decaf tea instead of regular tea even though he was told black tea.  Usually you have to ask for decaf.  However, lots of seats since the place was empty.  We left Einstein's because it was  crowded. They Missed an opportunity to impress a new customer.  Guess it's back to Einstein's.
My dad would always take me to this place when I was little. It was a nice way to start off a school day. We hadn't gone there in a while and we were planning on going back. Well, one day, we were in a hurry to go somewhere and my dad suggested we get brueggers.... Of course  we went through the drive thru and the lady who took our order was snobby. To make matters worse, we pulled up to the window and no one was there, my dad said that they would probably be there in a second, but after ten minutes, my dad and I left. And because of that, we were nine minutes late. We were very upset!
This Starbucks is in a strip mall at the bottom of Greentree hill and unfortunately has the unlucky fortune of being a hangout for the most obnoxious group of men who come into the store early in the morning, nurse a cup of coffee all day, take up all the chairs, and gobble up all the free samples of pastry that the baristas offer. It's really a shame too because this Starbucks has a fireplace with a nice fire working during the cold months. In the evening when the old man unemployment club leaves is a great time to visit. If not for the "I can top that" club that come in everyday and tell the same old stories over and over IN SUCH LOUD VOICES, this would be one of my favorite Starbucks in the Burgh.
I used to love Panera but as the years have gone by their standards of both food and service has declined greatly. It's a gamble if you are going to get good food and service or if the D team is working that day and they serve cold soup and sandwiches that look like Stevie Wonder  made them. I have to be deserate now to go there, like travelling on the Ohio turnpike and my other rest stop options are burger king and popeyes. Coprorate needs to improve and manage  their quality control,training, and processes. It's like they came out with a bang and now are just coasting.
Service wasn't very good, and their (advertised) delivery was not available (because the delivery drivers car broke down). Maybe as a sit in it would be ok but I was not impressed
Have mixed Vincent's.  My meal was good (spicy pasta) but service was spotty.  Another in the party had the homemade gnocchi and it was not good at all, "tastes like dishwater", was the quote.  Naw, that couldn't happen to homemade gnocchi, after a taste, I agreed!  Just goes to show, it depends on what you order.  Oh yea, the parking lot, very big but some customers parked in the entrance on both sides to make it one lane and of course when we were leaving we noticed that one guy was taping his car where it had be hit.
Overpriced, very slow service, food was decent.
Food is mediocre service is lousy. I'm sitting here right now and have been out of water and done eating for 20 min...
Service was good but probably the worse pizza I've ever had.  We couldn't eat it.
I went for dinner July 10.  Tight quarters inside but nice outside covered porch..Small inviting bar. Parking lot is full of potholes. It wont take much to fill with small stones but nothing has been done for years. It would be nice for customers to the fill potholes.  Friendly staff . I ordered a Italian Hoagie and my wife had Spinach Ravoli. Waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks. My hoagie was dry with min meat. Bun was OK. My wife liked her salad. Both was very avg food in tight spaces and service could have been more attentive. Probably wont go back.
Pizza was good but really expensive. I also got a 6 pack that cost 14 dollars. The same 6 pack cost 7.50 back in my hometown.  When it was all said and done our pizza, wings, soup, and 6 pack cost 50$.
When I ate here the first time, we ordered Pizza, and we thought it was great! The second time we ate there, we ordered out and the food was OK. I dont eat meat so I ate the spinach ravioli and it was ok. However, the last time we ordered out, I ordered the spinach ravioli with the salad side. Breadsticks and meatball sub for my mother. The breadsticks were sitting a in pool of oil. The meatballs sub, my mother said was cold and undercooked. Our spinach raviolis were EXTREMELY salty and salad tasted like it had been sitting in refrigerator for a couple of days. It wasn't fresh at all. We took it back because of how unsatisfied we were and they argued with us about how they don't add salt instead of just being understanding of customer service. We finally got our money back, we didn't even eat the food. We took like a bite or two our of everything. It was so unsatisfying. And the service just was disappointing, all for take out.
I grew up on better maid donuts . When I was little there was always enough donuts for everyone! The new owns is very nice but they need to make more wholes cause the 3 sat I called before 715 and already sold out!!!! One thing I didn't like they tell you to call and then they will not take a order!!!! I don't understand that when they tell you to call to place in order and they tell you they have a tray but they can't take my order that's not cool!!! What I was told is there is 60 people in line and they can't take a order even though they had the wholes he wouldn't do it! I didn't think that was nice when someone tells you yes we have  them then they put the owner on the phone and he's says no! That really kinda bothered me! They know they sell out before 715 and they only open at 700 ! What's up with that if they sell out in 10min they should make more! It also bothered me that they didn't seem to care if I was upset or not that's not very good business !!!!!! Especially some one who has been supporting. Them for over  35 years! So very disappointed in how things are ran they need to get a better plan to accomadate people. I understand this is a small business but they need to make the customer happy! So if the owner made more wholes and a little nicer on phone they would do so much better ! Being accomadating and trying to help a person out goes a long way! So needless to say I very upset that this has happen for 3 weeks in a row. So I feel that I should tell people so there not upset or disappointed like me thanks! I don't know if I will go back cause I don't want to go through this again after the 3 time!!!!
So how can you write a review for the turnpike? Everyone hates it...and unfortunately I drive it frequently. Word of the wise...drive this road in the daytime, when it's not raining. You will thank me later for this advice...  As mentioned by others, this road is not in the best shape. It seems like every couple of miles there's construction. Not anyone working on site...but hey, you still have to slow down. Another issue...most of the roadway is 55 mph. This drives me insane...because in certain spots it's 55, and in others it's 65. Luckily I haven't had any speeding tickets here...but my warning, be aware of your speed.  The toll booth operators are ok, for the most part. You will get those with the evil attitudes. Like, I'm sorry I disturbed you...but lady you're the only one open. I'll make sure to sign up for EZ Pass so I can bypass you.  And lastly...the price. So back when I was in college I frequented this road, from Pittsburgh to Philly and back. I believe the amount one way was between $12-15. Now...one way? Goodness I don't know the price...but let's put this in perspective. I now only drive the Pittsburgh/Breezewood route...and it's  $12.60 one way. And this isn't even the halfway point to Philly.   In theory you can bypass the turnpike by driving I-80 but this road is impassable if it's snowing. And there aren't as many rest stops. So PA knows you have no choice...and will charge you whatever on the turnpike.   FYI - prices are scheduled to go up Jan 1 2015. The toll booth operators are clueless as to how much the increase will be. One toll booth operator was snippy with me when I asked her. Oh well.
I certainly have stayed in worse places, but they generally didn't cost $100 per night.   To be fair--the place is clean. The temperature was good. It's just small and old. The carpets are threadbare, in places. There is no restaurant, and no obvious nearby place to eat--I ended up driving around for a while before I found something.   The people who work here are very friendly, and as the previous reviewer wrote, it's got a manager's happy hour (which I arrived right before the end of), and a fitness center & pool. You have to reach the fitness center and pool by going outside, though, and in the middle of February, that's not so attractive.   The mall that is nearby is not really a mall. It's got a Giant Eagle and a KMart, but all the other businesses seem to have closed. Even the ATM was boarded up, which is really not a good sign.
The rooms are laid out weird, and for the cost the rooms are not worth it.  There are also not many place to eat around the hotel.
I hate Olive Garden. It makes me laugh when they ask "how is everything?"  I wonder what goes through their minds when I say "The microwave did an awesome job". I'm in town for a few days, I'm hung over and don't know where else to eat. Olive Garden is just gourmet ChefBoyArDee. You won't find me at an Olive Garden back in New Jersey!
Being born and raised into an all Italian family, I'm pretty darn picky about my pastas and gravy (tomato sauce for the unknowing). My great grandmother's sauce was the first I remember, she never opened a can to make her sauces, always using tomatoes she canned herself in mason jars. She simmered her sauces until every seed melted away. My mother's sauce was a bit more thicker, using puree and paste as a base, later adding whole peeled tomatoes, garlic and fresh basil. Her sauce cooks down to a velvety pasta sauce that should be jarred and sold on super market shelves.  Sorry on to my review of Olive Garden. seriously? Really? No! I will admit it's good in a fit of really, REALLY needing a pasta fix, or if you want to eat breadstick and salad. But the sauces are overly rich, and I don't mean the tomato sauces. I mean the sauces they put over the pasta with chicken, beef or fish. And, let me be real Italian here, pasta is NEVER the main meal in an Italian supper, Pasta is normally the first course and NEVER served with meat, including MEATBALLS. Thats as American as fortune cookies. after pasta, comes the protein, that includes meatballs, then finally salad.  Okay, I'm done being a snooty Italian who looks down upon Olive Garden, I got out all my frustrations on you, my readers. But seriously, if you want good Italian food, hit up a REALLY good neighborhood, family owned Italian restaurant. The service is better, it will be cheaper and it won't go to a big conglomerate who over charges on a plate of pasta, which is one of the cheapest food you can serve. Oh, two stars for a pretty good bowl of Pasta Fazoo (pasta and beans).
Well it is a Sunday night and the crowd is not here. I opted for the bar to sit and eat and found the entire wait staff joking it up about tossing salads... No really.  The bartender showed up to try and direct them to not sit there ... That lasted all of 5 minutes. Very unprofessional staff so far.  Well now I know about this waitress' tanning habits and dog problems... Her ex must have ran, not walked away from her. The bartender is keeping the service end up despite the completely unprofessional staff around him. Food was typical for Olive Garden so no surprises there.
oh. dear. lord. i feel so bad for the tour group from japan that was here .... this place is the dumps.  we had 2 rooms: they were supposed to be on the same floor.  nope. 2 different floors, took 6 rooms before we had 2 rooms that were NOT dirty.  One bed was unmade each day. Drunk frat rats.  AVOID.
Place is ok but a little uncomfortable. There's water damage in some corners of the the ceiling and it looks pretty creepy. There are stains on the walls and ironing board but, overall, it's ok. The bathroom was freshly stocked, toilet and shower was clean and functional, bed seemed to be bedbug-free and is comfortable enough to lay your head at night, TV worked just fine as well. The continental breakfast was ok but a little lackluster. The place is pretty much centrally located & it does have great potential..overall, it was an ok stay and I may stay again after they've completed the renovations.
Horrible service! 2 time in the row I got my order wrong. First time I ordered smoked salmon on puppysead bagel with cream cheese tomatoes capers they gave me honey salmon sweet disgusting and charged for a side which I didn't ask for , so after I looked at receipt I was like what the hell is the side?! So then they give me chips... Which I don't really need. Today I gave them 2 chance. Same order. Guess what I got? Puppysead bagel with SALMON SPREAD!!!! For real, wasting money for wrong order!!!! I hope manager is gonna read this. First time I got there sandwich was soooo good that's why you get the star. But after you screw up twice my order I don't wanna waste money again! Enjoy the 20$ you took for wrong order!!!
I have to agree with some of the others, the service was very slow. I stopped on the way to an appointment to bring with me, big mistake it was busy as in there was a line. However, they had 3 employees working but only 2 were working actively on serving and taking orders. They other employee was doing I don't know what. It shouldn't take 15 minutes to get a dozen bagels. At least the bagels were good.
I stopped here yesterday morning because I was attending an off-site training session.  Typical Starbucks.  On the way back, I bought some of that new Starbucks VIA instant coffee to try at the office.  VIA does not taste like brewed coffee, so Starbucks loses one star for that.
Not exactly a fan of this location, however I tend to frequent it because of my work location, but I always leave unsatisfied.  The baristas are not friendly.  I'm always always always made to feel like I'm stupid (seriously?  i'm ordering coffee from you - who gave you a Masters Degree of all things brewed?)  and they're just rude.  Just.... rude.  I've never had an issue with my order being accurate, although again, just ordering coffee people.  I'm not asking you to recite the Gettysburg address.. in Latin.. backwards.  Just asking for a coffee.. congrats on getting it right!  I wwill also add that everytime I go in to this store, it smells.. bad.  real bad.  not like the delicious aroma of fresh brewed coffee.  No no.  You know those febreze commercials where they take the most disgusting atmosphere for smell and throw poor, unsuspecting victims in there to test the febreze-ee-ness of the area?  Yeah, it's like that.  Only with no febreze.    To sum it up, I would suggest if you're in the area and need some starbucks in your life, take a few extra steps and go to the one on the corner of 6th and penn.  Those people are SUPER friendly (gave me a free coffee on new years day because I was on my way to work and realized I forgot my credit card after I ordered for me and my coworkers.. so nice!) and it smells like a coffee shop should smell - like coffee.  WHOA.. mind. blown.
I wish someone had written a review for this place so that I would have not gone to it.  As a matter of background, I am originally from Los Angeles and have experienced some EXCELLENT nail salons there for much cheaper prices.  I don't know why manicures and pedicures are so expensive in Pittsburgh, but that's really a different path that I rather not venture into.  Anyway, this place is really small and they hardly have any nail polish choices.  It costs $15 for a manicure and $30 for a pedicure.  If you decide to go here, take my advice and take your own nail polish.  As for me, I picked out an OPI nail polish and they poured acetone in the nail polish to make it thinner!! I hate it when they do this, I guess its just their way of being cheap and not taking out a new nail polish.  The end result is that there are bubbles now on my nails and less than 24 hours later I just noticed that one of my nails has already chipped.  To make matters worse, their hot water was not working properly so they gave me my manicure and pedicure with pure COLD water.  The only positive thing I found about this place is that they accept credit cards.
regarding Shari's review: when i went they wouldnt even accept my debit card .  she was an older woman who i do not think knew how to use the machine so i ended up going across the street to pnc and using the atm.  it is not top quality work, they def over charge for the level of work they do...maybe that's bc their rent is high in downtown? it is about average price for nails though so doesnt hurt the pocket...but there are alot of places that do better for the same price.  its a convenient location so i would go back if i needed a last minute job, but def not my first, second, or third choice.
I, too, decided on MCN based on Yelp reviews after moving to Pittsburgh. Unfortunately, I did not have the great experience others did. I ended up getting probably the worst haircut I'd had in 10 years. It ended up a good 4 inches shorter than I discussed with the stylist. In addition, she took the fact that I work in a professional office to mean that I wanted an ugly, boring, mom-ish haircut. It's taken almost a year to grow back to the length it was before. I admittedly should have complained then and there, but I'm a wuss.   Additionally, the experience at the salon left much to be desired. I went in the late morning on a weekday. There was a little girl there (around 3 or 4) with her nanny. Apparently her mom was a regular customer. The little girl was getting a haircut and she cried and screamed for 25 minutes. I know kids will be kids, and I don't blame the little girl for being scared or cranky. I do blame the salon for not finding a way for the girl not to disrupt the entire salon - taking her to a back room, taking her outside to calm down, not allowing children in an adult, supposedly high-end salon, etc. Something that was supposed to be a treat for me turned into a headache.  I will not be back here, but it seems like others had great experiences.
The salon is nice, and the people were great, but I was not impressed. The haircut was mediocre, but the highlights were much worse. They didn't even cover up all of my roots! I don't know much about hair, but the place I went before I moved always made great suggestions and chose highlights that were perfectly suited for my skin color and for the season. MCN failed to do this in a big way.
So...I was sold on MCN Salon about a year ago, and found it through Yelp reviews.  I really was sold at one point.  It's clean.  It's up-scale.  It's hip.  It's pretty. But after my last haircut, I'm going to suck it up, and make the 45 minute drive back to my old stylist in Peters Township. Basically - I just feel like they're trying to up-sell you the entire time on products and more services.  For example, if I wanted my eyebrows colored, I probably would have added that to my appointment. Their stylists are GREAT, don't get me wrong, but I just don't feel like I'm being pampered or focused on when I'm there.  The last time, my stylist was working on 3 different people while I was getting a cut and color.  Therefore, that left junior stylists to wash and dry my hair.  The time before that, the stylist was working on 2 different people.  I have no problem with that - I just don't know who to tip at the end because I feel like my main stylist, actually did very little in the long run.   Plus - I told my stylist on our very first visit - "I don't want to think about my hair.  YOU are the STYLIST!  YOU are the DESIGNER!  Every time I come in here, I will want a different hair cut, but I want YOU to do it.  You will NEVER hear me say, 'just trim it up and do like we did last time'.  So please, I trust you to just make me look HOT." Well - the whole past year that I have gone there, I have sadly just been given the same haircut all 4 times.  I HATE THAT!  I'm not a hair stylist.  I know most people are stuck in their old ways and never like to change their hair; however, I am not.  I LOVE getting new hair cuts.  I love going from long to short...or from short to growing it out.  I like change - especially with the seasons!  Give me some edge!  Make me look sexy!   (I never feel this way leaving this salon). Plus, every time I have gone for a cut and color, I feel like it has gotten more expensive every single time.  I don't know what I'm being charged for...but my first session was a little under $120.  This past time it was up to $175 and like I said, I only go for a cut and color.  So I don't understand why my appointment is $55 more than it was 6 weeks before (and 6 weeks before I actually bought PRODUCT!). After 4 sessions, I can now say that I'll CANT WAIT to be going back to Stephan Szabo's in Peters!  That's worth the drive, the price, the experience, and the feeling of newness and pretty confidence!
So when the groupon came out for this salon, me and my mom were pumped! We called to make appointments together and the receptionist was rude! Not what i would expect from a high end salon. Anyways we got appointments together at 6 for a wednesday. The salon is pretty and clean with great views. My mom and I went in for haircuts only .. And we had a similar experince like Catilin. Different people wash and dry your hair. I wanted a short bob haircut with lots of layers. What i got was about  2 inches taken off and no layers. I thought since i had a senior stylist isd be in good hands. Wrong! Also they are very pushy with products which ruins the experince to me. I do color my own hair (why pay $60+ when i can do it at home for $7?) and my stylist asked about my color because  i do like the underneath of my hair darker. When i said i do it i thought i was in beauty school .. And she proceeded to go on about how bad it was and about deep conditoners. Ive been coloring my own hair and using deep conditioners for 4 years! Anyway my mom liked her haircut but due to the experince it wasnt worth the drive or my 10%tip to my stylist.
I agree with some of the other reviews that this Salon is just so so. First, I feel like they pull the prices out of thin air. The price either increased for the same services or stayed the same for less services. Second, I felt like my colorists/hair stylist Heather was slight lazy and didn't like doing highlights. Every time I came in she pushed all over color on me, even though I have been getting highlight for years and never have had all over color. The all over color was not right for me and often left my hair brassy looking. Finally, overall the prices were way too high. I am from the City of Chicago, and the prices there were cheaper than this Salon and this was for high end salons on Michigan Avenue. Now I  get better service for much cheaper in Wexford at Dolce Vita.
I booked a hair apt here after reading some of the reviews on Yelp, hoping I'd find a place to get my hair cut after moving to Pittsburgh from NJ. Maybe it was just the hairdresser I booked an appointment with, but I did not have a great experience. I'm a nurse who works mostly day shifts, and I value sleep over styling my hair in the morning. I tried to articulate that I wanted a hair cut that required minimal styling on my part. The hairdresser immediately shot me down, asking me how I expected to have my hair look nice if I wasn't willing to put work into it. She then berated me for not using styling products-- again, I'd rather sleep.   Now, maybe a few people feel differently about their hair, but all I wanted was a cut that allowed for minimal styling on my part. I wasn't asking for some trendy 'do that needed 3 different products, a round brush, and a flat iron in order to re-create it. I ended up getting almost the same exact cut I had going in there (just an inch shorter). Oh, and she also told me the cut I had coming in wasn't entirely flattering because of it's blunt ends--- funny, I ended up with the same thing.   This experience has definitely made me decide never to go back, for $50 I expect a little bit better service and a little bit nicer treatment. Oh, and somewhere that isn't constantly pushing products.
Let me start by saying that I moved here from out of state and adored by prior stylist and salon so I knew finding someone here was going to be tough. I went to MCN on the recommendation of a fellow bottle blonde and over the course of more than a year and half, I've seen two different stylists at MCN (Nicolette who left last summer and Ashley) - both were fine. Color was fine, cut was fine.   That's it - just fine.  Actual styling was non-existent. I have shorter hair and was used to a real blowout with style - here they just blew it dry,. Which would have been fine if the price for cut/highlights wasn't close to $200 (after living in Baltimore and Nashville, this was exceptionally more expensive than I was used to).  They also SHOVE products down your throat - its ridiculous and annoying.   I also didn't like the fact that on any given visit, I'd have my main stylist and probably at least two other people 'work' on me - either washing my hair, putting toner in (which I asked repeatedly NOT to have them use) or finishing up the highlights.  I can't stand this and it's one of the reasons I won't go back. Overall, I found myself dreading going to get my hair done and when I'm spending that kind of money and time someplace, I'd like to at least sort of enjoy the experience.  Something to remember - they only take cash tips.
I went to MCN three times for blonde highlights and lowlights, and a trim. Instead of doing a natural looking blonde, my highlights turned out to be a brassy platinum yellow color - the type of color you get out of a box. I also asked for just a trim, but as she was trying to even out the sides of my hair to make sure they were the same length, she kept cutting off more and more until my hair was three inches shorter. I had heard so many great things about this salon and gave it a fair shot... but was very disappointed!
I mean...seriously?  I should have known better given that it only had one positive review. My 600th yelp review, you think I'd've learned by now! I wandered in here looking for a pedicure. My first hint should have been the old crusty polishes on the walls - no Essie etc here. But whatever, I picked out my color and headed to the dilapidated pedicure chair. (I put my bag on the adjacent tray and it couldn't support the weight). They don't use razors here, which is fine, but I expected a thorough scrubbing of my callouses, and when she gave me a tiny little once over then unceremoniously threw my feet back into the water I thought to myself, OK there's no way on earth this is more than a $10 pedicure right? My heels still looked as bad as they did when I walked in.  Then she painted my nails and sat me down at the "dryer" which consisted of two tiny fans pointed at my feet. For real. I had to sit there for over ten minutes, she proclaimed my toes dry, then I paid - $25?!!!! For $25 in Boston where I'm from I could get a legit pedicure. I was dumbfounded. I paid, walked home, and lo and behold two of my toes already had smudged polish. ARGH!
These are the worst nails I ever had in the 9 years I've been getting my nails done.  The guy who was doing my nails didn't even take all of my old red polish off, so now it shows through my new nail polish.  Every nail is crooked also!!  & they told me to pick a gel color from the color wheels, I tried choosing 4 different ones and they didn't have ANY of them!!  The only reason I am giving them 2 stars instead of 1 is because they took me right away during my lunch our & they got me done really fast.  I've gotten my nails done quickly before though and had much better quality.  No matter how desperate or short on time you are, try to stay away from this place!
Look some place else. I give this property 2 stars strictly based on the awesome location. The lack in professionalism, security, responsiveness, follow through and accountability gets old at around your first 2 months. The security guards are a joke. Unfortunately pmc property group has bought up many different residential buildings downtown- from what I hear the management is the same. The good news, there are a few new renovations being done through other ownership- look at those! Or even the strip district!  Stuck in my lease until February. Among the other complaints the renovations done were done half assed, my recessed lighting flickers constantly, the microwave doesn't work and they told me to only use liquid dishwasher detergent as the "fix" to the dishwasher problems. I could go on. I moved out here from DC, paying almost the same in rent and getting a horrible deal.
Hotel restaurant/bars are usually not known for being the best in town.  So when I had the opportunity to eat and drink at SoHo recently, I can not say I was surprised that I found the cuisine to be on the uninspiring side.  Is it terrible?  No,  but you know that better is out there.    The blackened chicken wrap was boring.  The flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland.  Also, white tortillas just do not do it for me.  Why does it seem that Pittsburgh wants to thrive on fatty, flavorless food?  Upon ordering the caesar salad on New Year's Eve, I was told that the restaurant has no non- or low-fat dressing option...at all.  However, I can order a salad with FRENCH FRIES on it.  Seriously?  The salad was fine, by the way, and is a large portion but knowing  that tons of calories had to be consumed just to get a vegetable in me was disappointing.  On the bright side, the smoked turkey wrap, which comes with havarti cheese and cranberry sauce was ridiculously good.  The turkey was juicy and melded perfectly with the cheese and cranberries.  That I could eat again and it would  fill me up all day.  I also sampled the buffalo pierogies and really just found them to be the Mrs. T's ones with Frank's Hot Sauce on them.  They were good, but uncreative considering the price ($8.99).  The drinks here are decently priced and pretty good.  Friends I was with sampled a few of the drinks on the interesting cocktail menu and were happy with their choices...they were strong drinks.  When my co-worker and I arrived though one night to dine here, we were not offered cocktail menus so I just stuck with wine until I was no longer in the mood for a cocktail.    Service on New Year's Eve was apathetic.  Granted, the place was packed, but we had  to wait for silverware and had our food and drinks pretty much thrown at us.  Even when it slowed down we were barely paid attention to and were hardly treated with any amount of friendliness even though numerous drinks and food orders were made.  There are a ton of TVs here, so it is a great spot to watch a game.  Even during busy times, there is a space for you but it will take a while to flag down a server to seat you if you want to sit.    I think I would stop back here if I find myself at the Springhill Suites again, but I definitely would not go out of my way to dine here.  Can't win 'em all, right?    Pro-tip:  You can not access the restaurant from the hotel it is attached to (Springhill Suites) without a key and you can not leave the restaurant to get into the hotel without one.  Want some good people watching?  Sit and watch people try to get from one to the other without realizing you need a key.  Ridiculous.  Since you can access each of these places without a key from other doors, this does not make any sense.  But, it is what it is so do not forget your key!
SoHo clearly relies on the Pirates crowd across the street, and Steelers and Pitt games. When there's a game, the place is packed. Other times, it doesn't seem so busy. The food has been OK. It's generally bar food, with an effort to be more. Execution is varied.   Try the seasoned tuna sandwich with a side of parmesan risotto; just tell them how you want the tuna cooked because they don't seem to know and will overcook it.
A number of the reviews here giving off the "eh" vibe? That's because Soho is a kind of "eh" place.  I visited for the first time yesterday evening. My boyfriend and I decided to stroll over the bridge to catch some Jazz Live in Katz Plaza (Roger Humphries - really good show) and then headed to North Shore for some grub. Now, I don't find any of the restaurants near PNC to be that good (see my Bettis Grill review) so I knew we weren't going to find anything spectacular. We settled on Soho because I'd never been there before and Atria's doesn't appeal to me.  I did like the open layout on the inside of the restaurant. Looks like a perfect place to catch a game. Finally - a halfway decent TV setup, Pittsburgh! The bar is ginormous and they seemed to have an extensive liquor and beer selection. The draft selection was lacking, but they did have quite a few choices in bottles, if that doesn't bother you. I did not check their wine list, but I know they do have one.  My boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and I got a cheddar burger. My first thought: "These two things should never be on a menu together." He said the stir fry was so-so. Ingredients were spot on, but it was lacking any real flavor. Someone mentioned this place as being a runner for best burger in town - huh?? There are a number of places I would put before Soho's: Winghart's, Burgatory, even Olive Or Twist! My cheeseburger tasted like a frozen Bubba Burger from the grocery store (you know the ones ... ). It wasn't terrible perse, but it wasn't particularly good, either. It was just so-so. The cheddar cheese on it was not very appealing - it tasted like one of those individually wrapped Kraft slices. Onion rings were tasty, but I've rarely, if ever, had bad onion rings.  I would visit this place again if my focus were more so on watching a game and drinking than actually eating. Otherwise I say pass. In fact, skip into town over eating in the north shore at all.
We we're not impressed. The prices are high for what is bar food with no real uptake.  Service was neutral both visits (stayed in attached hotel).  Would be willing to grab a cocktail but definitely better options around.
Soho was disappointing. Lunch was very crowded, so we sat at the bar, even though there was an open table for 3 by the window. We were just 4, but they wouldn't let us put an extra seat at the open table. It was also very loud for a weekday, the noise from other tables carrying easily.  I ordered the french dip sandwich, with risotto on the side. To their credit, the risotto was delicious, but such a tiny portion, I inhaled it in no time. Especially considering the french dip was so boring. The meat and cheese was bland and the sauce had far too many herbs in it. Not to mention, the food is definitely over-priced. I don't think I'd go back, but if I did, I'd order the risotto and nothing else.
Bar next to stadium Typical bar next to stadium place Waitresses def looking for other jobs  Not happy at all This isn't even a game night
Meh.   I always hope for the best. I did not, however get the best. Although I would have to say the pretzel bite appetizer wasn't bad. But I really don't think there's much you can mess up. The buffalo pierogies however, was a total miss.   I do not want to make any accusations, but they did not seem to be freshly made, maybe frozen pre-made ones. And they were covered in hot sauce. It didn't look appetizing, nor did it actually taste appetizing.   They have half off appetizer specials for food and $5 drinks. But all the special drinks were mixed, and I knew they would probably be way too sweet and frou frou for me.   I went with a glass of Malbec, which was a good choice. Actually, it was the best choice there. Maybe stick to beer or wine and you'll be good to go here.
Had the chicken sandwich,  my sister had the guiltless chicken. 30 minutes after ordering, our waitress came over to ask again what we had ordered because she had forgot to put the order in. Food was flavorless, plain. Was there a few nights ago for drinks after the game, waiter wouldnt allow 3 of us to sit at a 4 top table (but had a party of 1 sitting at a 4 top right next to the table we were going to sit at). Do they even have tables for 3?? 15 minutes later... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there. Overall, its a close spot to PNC but given both experiences, wouldnt return.
Drinks were good, but when one of the bartenders decided we hadn't tipped enough, he told the rest of the bartenders to ignore us and make us wait, right in front of us. Will not be back.
We waited forever. Our food wasn't prepared properly (my husband's salmon wasn't cooked well like he asked. He sent it back and they literally just threw it in the microwave, heating the plate and leaving the inside still not cooked through...). Our server was overwhelmed (after a Steelers Game, but still... you should be used to this with the location) Giving a 2-star because my salad was ok, but that's about it. Definitely not coming back.
Stopped by here before a concert at Heinz Field. We had 3 appetizers. The nachos were the worst I've ever had. 7-11 has better nachos. The So Ho Sampler was pretty good.
Noisy overcrowded and not enough staff to cover the crowd so service was slow. I had to get water for my wife myself.  We had the pretzel with cheese dip appetizer and the nachos, Pretzel was very nice, nachos not so much. The pizza I had was ok even though the crust was charcoal due to over cooking.  Basically only reason I might return is because it's attached to the hotel we're staying in.
Too much B not enough T or L. Had to steal the L from the app. I can't even ever come back here again.
I am not a big fan of seafood so it takes a lot to win me over.  I tried several of the dishes at Original Fish Market including the lobster bisque, the halibut, and the pork-chop with coleslaw.  The lobster bisque was bland and cold.  The halibut was decent.  The pork chop was so bitter and dry.  The whole atmosphere of the place seemed standoff-ish and was not friendly.  Furthermore, it took forever just to get our waitress's attention.  When we finally got her to look our way, she was short with us.  It was as if we bothered her.  I would rather go get sushi than spend more money here.
Serviceable "upscale" chain seafood spot, with both traditional dishes and sushi.  Yes, it's expensive, but it's one of the few spots open late downtown.   The sashimi was pleasant, and it's hard to screw up oysters and seafood pasta.   Our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations.  The service is on par with your local crap-on-the-wall chain restaurant, so don't expect too much.
One in our party summed it all up:  "When you're paying these prices, you should expect better service."  The food was good.  I had a sashimi platter with some additional pieces, which was perfectly average.  You can get the same thing around the corner at Sushi Kim...and I think the quality is a bit better and the price lower.  Another in our party had the rib eye.  It was cooked well and he liked it.  For dessert the cheesecake was good, although the blueberries were clearly from frozen (unacceptable in July when they're in season).  I had to sit and wait 5 minutes after my food was brought out before I could flag down a server to ask for some chopsticks and soy sauce.  It's not that the servers aren't working...it's that they're spread too thin.  Understaffed.  All working hard, but covering too many tables.  Long story short, I won't go back.  Walk over one block and go to Eleven!  Same price, better food and service.
- The bread was good and so was the spicy shrimp butter that came with it. - The lobster bisque had a very slight gummy texture to it, as if too much flour had been used.   - I had the lobster pasta and I was a little disappointed with the lack of sauce that accompanied it.  It was really more of a broth than anything, which made the pasta seem too soggy and also drippy and messy to eat.  My wife had the fillet mignon, which she said was one of the best she's ever had.  She thought the potato side was just so-so. - Each of us had a drink with our meal, which put our total at $115, including the tip.  I expect to be a little bit more wowed with a meal for that price.
I have eaten there several times.  This is an overpriced overhyped seafood restaurant.  The portions are not worth the price.  The Sushi is average at best.  The service has been poor almost every time I went.  We complained once to the manager and in the middle of talking to her she picked up the phone and totally forgot she was talking to us.    The salads are small and nothing to write about.  The decor needs to be updated. If you ask me why I keep going back; it's not by my choice.  Usually we have several people staying at the Westin.
Came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service. Finally went searching for someone, who only came back with our order after we had nearly given up. And refills on water, coffee or soda? Forget about it.
Pittsburgh has good food.  Don't waste your time at the Fish Market.  I stay in the Westin often and have had three meals at this spot in the past week.  The first was fine enough to get me to come back for a second trip.  The second time, our waitress clearly was in no hurry to serve our three-person group in the 50% occupied restaurant.  The third time, the chef's special "coriander-crusted fluke" came out as a couple slabs of tasteless fish coated in bread crumbs and oil and tossed onto a pile of dry couscous, and they served me the wrong salad.  Service: most of the staff here don't seem to respond well to ordinary social cues.  For instance, standing at the podium for two minutes probably means I want to be seated, not looked at and ignored by two different waitresses.  Or, when I go to the bar to order takeout, after I submit my order and wait for the server to tell me the wait time, I don't expect him to leave me and start washing dishes.    I may stay at the Westin, but I will exert extra effort to NOT eat there.
My experience may different from others because I am an attractive female who went in with 3 young African American males.  Good friends of mine who spent a helluva a lot of money in Pittsburgh that weekend - who work hard and expect good service for good money like everyone else.  We were greeted with reserved distant service.  The waiter said something nervously like "It's all good," or something that people don't even say anymore.  A round of Patron Margaritas were horrible.  They tasted entirely like sour mix and we couldn't even take more than two sips.  Of course, when we ask that they be taken away and replaced with shots of Patron, we were got the "oh, you're that type," look and it took a while to convince the waiter that there was sincerely something wrong with the drinks.  Being used to that look, black folks often stomach bad food just to not appear to be complainers, but these drinks were horrible!    So in the spirit of good faith, we ordered the some appetizers. Shrimp cocktail, crab bisque, and two oyster samplers.  The soup was bland, shrimp were large, but had a wierd texture that didn't seem fresh or like they'd been scrubbed to hide something, and oysters were not evenly sampled on both orders. One appeared to contain mostly one type instead of the 8-9 different types.  We plunked down the $200 for the appetizers and drinks with a nice tip and said ciao - went and had dinner at Sonoma - which was much better... Fish Market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity OR new management.
One of the only places open downtown after 10 pm mid-week. Terrible service, average and overpriced food, in a hotel lobby, doesn't make a good combo.
I've been meaning to go back to the Fish Market for so long. I remember the great crab legs I had years ago. I finally had the chance last week and was surprisingly disappointed.  The service was great. We sat at the bar and in no time both bartenders greeted us with smiles and menus. I guess my main concern was the food quality. I ordered the beet salad with warm goat cheese (was not warm at all) and shrimp and scallop linguine. Both were not unique in flavor or presentation. It was as if I made it in my own kitchen. My boyfriend enjoyed his lobster bisque and his seafood jambalya that was perfectly spicy.  I do applaud the venue for offering a diverse and affordable wine list. And, with all due respect to owners, I think the atmosphere needs a serious update in character and aesthetics. Especially since other key hotels are more pleasing to the eye. This should be vital to one of the BEST hotels in the city!   I'd like to return someday to give it another go. We shall see.  P.S. Invest in better wine glasses. Ugly. Ugly. Ugly.
I was pretty disappointed by this experience. And I usually avoid hotel restaurants for this very reason, but I was tired and I was staying at the Westin, so here I am at the Original Fish Market...  I sat at the bar and ordered dinner. The bartender was very friendly and made sure she was taking care of me. So props to her! I got a menu and a sushi menu. OK, I'm pretty sure Pittsburg isn't the most awesome place for sushi, but let's give it a shot! I started with the gumbo, which came out warm and kind of bland. It wasn't good at all. And then I had a roll, which was decent. And a spicy scallop roll. Now, everyone has their own take on spicy scallop, but this was by far the furthest from what I could imagine a spicy scallop roll could be.   It was a small roll cut into 6 pieces (maki). It had a very small amount of raw scallops, which didn't taste super fresh. Then the roll was topped with the "spicy". I can't identify exactly the spices that were on top, but I've had this type of spice combination on other Japanese dishes. So I know it's an off the shelf thing. Basically, this was the worst roll I could imagine.  So all-in-all, the food was sub-par at best. And the entire menu was overpriced. I would definitely eat somewhere else if I had any energy at all. I'm sure the room service would have been better.
Have you ever eaten in a place where the whole seems far less than the sum of its parts?  Believe me, the Original Fish Market fits that description.  I met my mom and dad here for a pre-concert (Bonnie Raitt) dinner and honestly I wish we'd gone someplace else.    To be fair there wasn't anything particularly wrong with the food or service.  I've enjoyed seafood restaurants before and while my dinner was okay, it was only just "okay".  There wasn't anything particularly memorable about it.  Nothing that made me say, "Wow"!  My parents didn't hate their dinners either but they weren't impressed.  And therein lies the problem.  The Original Fish Market wants to be a swanky hotel restaurant.  It certainly sets its prices high enough ($25.00-$45.00 per entree).  But the quality just doesn't match the price.
First time I've eaten here I went during lunch time. Not crowded but service was quite slow so I took off a star. My girlfriend ordered from their sushi lunch special and I ordered the bison burger. You're probably asking why order that when at a fish market. Well I originally planned on fish but I hadn't had bison in a while and it caught my eye. Well the menu is a bit pricey and I don't mind paying for good food so I had high expectations. He bison burger was mediocre (took a star away) The menu said bacon, but none showed up. No worries probably better for me. I felt at $15 for a bison burger this thing should freaking be awesome. Not the case. I would put it at $8.99-$9.99 price range I would pay since they gave me chips as a side. So they lost another star for over priced for the value I received. The girlfriends sushi meal was a bit over priced for a lunch menu. Two basic rolls and miso soup for $16. This would easy go for $14 at other places during lunch. So ultimately would I give it another shot? Yes, but only if it is convenient. I would not go out of my way or tell friends about this place.    Helpful advice for the OFM.  Actually have lunch specials. If you charge the prices you charge the food needs to be worth the price or you will lose return customers. Two rolls of sushi and a burger shouldn't cost me $33 unless you are going to blow minds!
I've been to the Fish Market many, many times over the last 18 years or so. It doesn't change much. They get maximum money for average seafood (or anything else).   The sushi wasn't great this last trip (last week), and didn't taste terribly fresh. The Miso soup was barely average. I did like the Tataki roll, but it was the only saving grace of the meal.   Overly expensive for what you get, and service can range between average and terrible.   Oh, and the bartender that's been there for as long as I've been going is seriously crappy, and I'm amazed he's lasted so long - is that a union gig?
McCormick & Schmick's knockoff is the best way to describe this completely non-memorable place.   I agree with the other person who said "it's trying to be a swanky hotel bar/restaurant". That may sound dumb but as someone who frequents hotels & their restaurants it can easily go either way. I've found you can get a great read on a place by the vibe of a hotel lounge.   I hope for Pittsburgh this is not the case. Did I expect more from a Westin? Yes. Am I surprised? No.  Sub-par sushi. Tasted like takeout from Wegmans (holler, Rochester!). My Sauv Blanc was room temp & obviously an old bottle because it tasted nothing like it should (Kim Crawford is my standby so this was extra disappointing). Walk across the street & check out the Tonic Bar, I wish I had.
I am sorry to have to give the Original Fish Market a 2 rating, I could of given it a 3-4 but the service was pretty sad! We sat down for lunch after checking into our hotel room. We waited too long for the waiter to initially great us, and there may have only been 5-10 diners in the entire restaurant, so this is the main reason for a 2, hopefully it's a rarity because the food was pretty good. I had the Cod sandwich , it was hot and tasty, probably one of the better fish sandwiches I've had. So it disappoints me to dole out a 2 but service is important!
We checked this out for lunch, since we were staying at the Weston.  The sushi, I thought, was pretty good.  Nothing outstanding, and I probably wouldn't seek it out again, but it wasn't bad.  My friends ordered other things off the menu; the verdict was largely that the food looked good, but was bland; this was especially apparently true of the fish sandwich.  The attached bar is *small* with a very limited selection of beers and liquors.  Perplexingly, they also have loads of bar seating, but don't open that area for happy hour time.  It seems you could not get appetizers and hang out until some point later in the evening.  Super expensive too.  Go somewhere else for lunch, there are many better options in the area.
Went here on a Monday at around 7:00.  The bar was filled with the usual suspects; guys in Brioni suits drinking away the stress, unfortunate weather and reality they have to head home to the wives who just dropped 3-5k at pottery barn.  The drinks were solid, and very fair priced (based on NY and Chicago pricing)  The open(ish) floor plan would accommodate a happy hour very well.  The food on the other hand - absolutely horrible.  We had lamb, chili prawns, ahi, chicken (something) and Chorizo.  The 'fusion' southern Spain meets some Japanese influenced small plates works, but the execution was deplorable.    Verdict: Drink but avoid the food at all costs...
SO disappointed with this place! I've been wanting to try it for some time and finally did and boy...what a letdown. I had heard that it was one of downtown's happening Happy Hour places, but on the Tuesday night I went, it was 99% empty. The menu was pretty random and everything we tried was really average. The drinks weren't anything special either.  No innovation here in the food, drinks, or decor.
Girls looking for a sugar daddy, guys looking for a cougar, or if you're just a pretentious douche: Bossa Nova is the place for you.  The atmosphere is downright tragic for how hard it tries.  The bar prices scream to the proletariat: "Let them drink beer down the street! We only want the bourgeois in here."  Even the DJ they had during the Gallery Crawl a few weeks back was tragic.  I mean I know that the DJ has to appease the sugar daddies and cougars but is every place in Pittsburgh required to have 80s music?  I'm sure it is in the liquor license application.  That said, the barstaff is generally friendly and very quick - most likely so you don't realize you just paid eight dollars for a beer.
This rating is for the drinks only and atomosphere, and based on my personal taste a bit ok  a big bit. This is definately a "I'm a young professional pittsburgh business person and I've arrived." Status bar or "I'm a young college girl and I've just had my first boob job care to help fund my nose job too?" Bar , I did not try the food becaused I moved from a place where we have awesome brazilian restaurant where fresh meats melt in your mouth accompanied by tart sweet grilled pineapple, and real slow cooked brazilian beans mmmm. Soooo after seeing how pittsburgh does Mexican food I'm not willing to drop my pennies to risk the disapointment of pittsbugh attmepts brasilian.   The bar is roomy with nice lounge seating which is nice for those who don't want to participate in the round the bar meat market. The guys make for fun people watching, either all suits or in their pirates jerseys. Or the occaisional jersey shore look a like meat heat in his v neck t shirt who is too good to attempt so much as a toe tap to the beat of the music. Then there's the balding old man with twenty something on his arm who already looks like she has botoxed up her face in an attempt to mirror her idol kim k. There are few older gay gentlemen I would have liked to chat with who mad things a little more interesting. There was an awesome looking woody Allen meets Andy Warhol look a like with cool glasses, and an awesome white frizzy mane.  The women range from down to earth girlfriends in for chat, drink and dance to wifes and girlfriends grinding it up on the dance floor with their man to the cougars. Warning Cougar dance zone, these women looked decent though and I'll give it to em they weren't afraid to shake it.   My biggest gripe about this place (I know I haven't gotten there yet), the drinks are sugary syrup crap. You can only put too many sugary alcohols together before you get a tummyache, you might as well be drinking the syrup flavors starbucks puts in your coffee. Stick to something on the rocks or a vodka soda most places cannot screw that up too badly (aside from Bar louie) but I will get to them later. Price is lame also 8 bucks and up for a mojito and they use coconut rum in it! Yuck. Sorry my college days of only being able to handle coconut rum are over, it is was frat guys give girls with a roofie.  Anyway moving on my biggest gripe was that there is a cop standing by the door, who looks like he just walked away from beating a non white person to death. I know I know cops have the hardest job and I will be the first to say it, but this guy has a thick energy so nasty it hits you in the face from across the room. The way he was looking at the non white people who were a little to "loud" for his tastes, no louder than the booming music mind you. Made my stomach churn. Also they used him to close at 1:15am on a saturday. Thats pretty lame for a downtown bar just because they were not packed. Bars in Salt Lake City Utah do that, come on BossaNova this is pittsburgh aka  drinkersville, not mormondryville. Just sayin....
I've been going to this bar randomly over the last 5 years. It's definitely gone downhill. My last experience here was when I was trying to plan a birthday party during happy hour on a Friday during the summer. When I called to reserve some space, they told me they only reserve seating areas for people who pre-purchase food. Which, the pre-purchase options were about $10-12/person. I wasn't about to pre-order food for a casual birthday get together. So, figuring they'd probly be very busy on a Friday night, we got there around 4:30. There were MAYBE 6 people around the bar. No one in the lounge seating area. I sort of felt undervalued as a customer for not being able to reserve space when no one was there. 5:30 came around, the bar got a little busier, but no where near the packed house crowd they painted as a picture for me when I tried making reservations. Our waiter was sub par. People sat without drinks for 20+ minutes, and some people just didn't get to order, because one person would order a drink and the waiter dashed off, leaving others to call out after him (to no avail.) He would basicalyl take 1-2 orders, and run off, not to return for 10 minutes.   This place is average in food price and quality. But the attitude of this place could be better. Go to Six Penn instead. They have outstanding service without the pompous attitude, and in the summer they have a roof top patio with a bar and lots of seating. Best in town!
First impression: The guys here were borderline rude to me when I dropped my car off. I thought I had talked to someone on the phone and made an arrangements. It turns out there are two Monro Muffler locations on Penn Ave and no employee at either shop thought to bring this up (then, or at any point), as I had called the wrong location (I found out days later).  Service: They took my car in anyway and said "they'd get to it tomorrow", well tomorrow became the next day and the day after...   Got a call that the mufflers I bought for the car turned out to be the wrong ones so I called around, tracked down the right ones, and dropped the correct ones off there within two hours of the call.  Quality of work: All in all it took a week for them to get the work done and I was under the impression they would be welding the whole system together. It turns out they just use clamps and bolt stuff together. I asked them to make me some tail pipes for me with bends over the rear axle and they couldn't do it with 2.5" pipe, turns out they are incapable of bending anything over 2" pipes there. Instead we agreed it would be easiest for them and cheapest to install short turndown pipes. So really it wasn't a terribly difficult job to be done.  Overall impression: I gave two stars instead of one because they didn't actually break anything or lose my car or burn it down or anything. Pricing came in just over what we had agreed on because of the addition of the turndown pipes. I could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself.
Don't bother.   We were kind of desperate to find a place that wasn't too pricy and close to our hotel on a Monday night. We saw this place, with the low lighting and witty name (although we weren't sure if they're cleaver enough to make the theater reference or if it was simply a mistake).  They boast a new menu and I got the pasta with goat cheese and almonds. I didn't have high expectations but this was like family meal before your serving shift. It was boring and flavor free. My boyfriend got a steak sandwich that looked punny. Oh, and the grocery store wine was way over priced.  Boo!
I only went here to have a few drinks, and talk with a friend who wasn't sure if he wanted to eat or not. We were escorted to a table and were cool, the waitress was friendly and tentative since our conversation was rollin'. Long story short we were there for 5 hours, just drinking, and if our waitress could of re-worded her words, our experience wouldn't have been so sour. She came over and stated "I'm leaving here is the check, if you would like to stay you're more then welcome to order from the bar." So we continued to talk not thinking anything of it, or someone was going to pick up her tip. WELL not two minutes later she comes back to us and says " IM LEAVING, I need you to pay your check." At this point me being me, gets a little annoyed, as my friend is looking at me like no she didn't! So he paid as a gentlemen do, and we continued the night, as they dimmed the lights and shut off the music we got the hint we've been talking way to long. If she could have been a tid more polite, it would have been a good experience. The atmosphere was great, the food looked good, but your sour mouth ruined it all.
I get it. It gets busy when you're a bartender/waitress sometimes. I've been there myself. But you can explain why things are late or why it takes nearly half an hour to pour a glass of wine without being incredibly rude and cold, and if you even say it with an apologetic smile, most customers will understand. Food was fine, won't go back for fear of the server.
The genius of the "Olive or Twist" name got us in the door here, but we didn't have the best experience with their mixers.  While here, we sampled the blueberry mojito and the cucumber basil martini.  The blueberry mojito had an overpowering taste of rum. As a strong drink, it was good. However, the rum killed any blueberry or mint flavor in the drink. For the cucumber basil martini, the basil is the primary flavor in the drink and kills any undertones of the cucumber. The sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing.  In addition to a cocktail menu, they also offer a reasonable selection of beers including microbrews.
In town on business and I always try to find places like this.  Wow, a martini bar not named the Blue Martini?  OK, I'm in!  So I strolled over and walked in.  First impression was it was a cool, cozy, and trendy joint.  Liked the exposed brick walls, lighting, etc.  Only problem is, I don't go to a restaurant or a bar to eat and drink the atmosphere!  So I grab a table in the bar.  It was about 5pm and there might have been 15 people in the whole place.  Two bartenders made eye contact with me so I figured they would be waiting on me.  I figured wrong.  I sat there for a good ten minutes and was getting ready to get up and leave when the younger tender came over and said with a "deer in the headlights look", do you want a drink or something????  Well hell, what was your first guess?  I refrained from quoting Foxworthy and saying "here's your sign"!  So OK we were off to a bumpy start.  I didn't have a martini, however there was a few options on the drink menu.  I was just here for a bite, so my review is based on that.  A few minutes later the other bartender comes back with my water and gives me a menu.  I ordered some turkey wrap with a fruit salad for a side.  I say "some" turkey wrap because it was really that unimpressive!    It seemed to take forever for it to arrive.  Given the fact that it wasn't busy, it did take a long time to arrive.  When it did, it looked OK.  The fruit salad looked as if it was ready for the trash, so I bypassed that.  The wrap just had zero flavor and was loaded with lettuce........way to much.  The only flavor that presented itself was blandness!  It was very disappointing.  All in all, I think this is probably a way better bar to have a drink in then a restaurant.  I will return to try a martini, but I will pass on the food.
Olive or Twist is convenient place to go before or after shows in Pittsburgh's Cultural District or Pirates baseball games. The inside is very nice, pleasant and comfortable. I was there on a Friday. The entertainment was excellent (a one-man band by the name of Mark Pipas -- who played music from all genres and rarely took breaks). The bar tenders are friendly and make great drinks, but if the place gets busy -- be warned -- the service can be tragically slow. I didn't have food, but the food that I saw looked good. My biggest complaint is the drink prices. I realize that this is a downtown establishment. It's somewhat upscale, but it's not the Ritz. I'm not at all cheap, but $4.25 for an IC Light, $7.75 for a normal-size Captain and Coke and $7.75 for a shot of Jaeger (though it was a generous pour), is a bit high for such a social bar in Pittsburgh, even if it's downtown, and even if it's somewhat upscale.
I was really excited when I saw the menu for this place because they had some vegetarian items that sounded delicious. I liked the decor, with exposed brick walls, soft lighting and we went there on a night with live music. But the positives stop there. I had the veggie burger. The burger was the typical veggie burger that a lot of restaurants are trying now - with all of the veggies in the patty - and people continually make it mushy. The mushy texture made me nauseous so I didn't finish that. I got the side of garlic mashed potatoes, and I'm pretty confident those came out of a box, though that ended up being my favorite thing.   My date got nachos, which are advertised with lots of goodies on top. Lies! They were covered in melted but cold cheese, a sprinkle of diced tomatoes and a scoop each of guacamole and sour cream. Neither one of us ate more than 3 chips.   Finally, I ordered Patron with Rose's line juice. First sip... Completely bitter and disgusting! So I asked her. And she said, oh right, we don't have sweetened line juice, he probably just used lime juice. So I asked for her to add some simple syrup, which she did. And then it was drinkable. But come on. She should have thought of that upfront!   Don't go here for anything but the walls and music.
So I decided to surprise my fiancé one night by taking her here(because we've been talking about doing so for a while). We both got martinis and the nachos and buffalo spread apps. The martinis were just ok, and the food was very basic and nothing special. I will give the place another try and get some non appetizers next time and hope the bartender is a bit better at mixing the drinks.
Visited with a party of 8 last weekend for a friend's birthday. We walked in the door and could see no apparent host stand, so we tried the door next to the one we entered. This ended up leading to a private party. Can you say awkward?  We went back in the main door, clearly confused. The bartender looked at us but kept pouring drinks (rude!). Not even sure how we discovered it, but the host stand was in the BACK of the restaurant. How were we supposed to know this? We were seated, and had to wait awhile for service.  Finally, the server came and took our drink orders and suggested a very strong drink for me. He was obviously trying to get me drunk (and succeeded). Caution: The Vesper is a strong *ss gin martini that is just okay. You pay 11 bucks to drink a shot of gin slowly from a fancy glass.   He then took our order...and did not think to write any of the 8 requests down. Yep, you guessed it. He screwed up our orders and bills, then proceeded to be rude about the situation.   The buffalo chicken dip is awesome, but be prepared, there is no chicken. We had one chunk in the two orders. The deep fried pita chips taste like donuts and are muy excellente.   Also, prepare yourself for bartenders squeezing caramel into glasses. The sound is reminiscent of flatulence. Over and over. So much flatulence.   I was too drunk and full of pita donuts to eat my dinner. The two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though.  Jesse from Bob Evans down the road is far superior to the condescending server here. We highly recommend Jesse.
My wife and I have eaten at Olive or twist before, and the experience was good. This time was not so good.   We were going to the Brit Floyd show at the Benedum, so i made 6:15 reservations for dinner at Olive or Twist. Traffic was a bit lighter than expected, so we ended up walking in at 6. No problem, we were seated right away.     Our server seemed a bit rushed, but had our drinks to us within about 10 minutes. Not bad, wife had a dark night martini and i had a porter that was on special. tasty glass of beer for only 3 bucks, i was happy. We ordered our dinners (crabcake sandwich for her, skirt steak sandwich for me), at around 6:15. Since the show didn't start until 8, we figured that we had plenty of time and could walk around a bit after dinner. We sat and talked and enjoyed our drinks, and waited for our food. And waited. And waited. And waited. Finally, at a few minutes after 7 a gentlemen in a suit came to our table, apologized for the delay, and told us our food would be coming shortly.  We had watched another table beside us get seated, get their food, and were preparing to leave and we hadnt even gotten our sandwiches yet.     Finally, at around 7:10, our food arrived. The server again apologized for the delay. I understand that things happen, and at no time did either of us get upset, but it really would have been a nice gesture to maybe comp us a drink or something. ANYTHING to acknowledge an unacceptable wait time. We didn't get anything, and that was a little disappointing.    We did eat quickly enough that we were not late for the show, but we never did get to take that walk.    The food was quite good, once we got it. I tipped the server generously, as i don't think this was her fault, but I am not sure if I will return.
This place is fortunate enough to have a great location near the theatre and restaurant scene, but outside of that - it's pretty "blah" in my opinion.  Possibly worthy of a stop for a drink before or after dinner or a show, I wouldn't make it a destination-type experience.   Olive or Twist is good for a cocktail, a convenient location, and a clever name, but not much else.
I came in for a dinner on a Wednesday evening. The food was underwhelming at best. Small portions, Salmon sadly overlooked to the point that I am about to send everything back. The quality of the wine and the sympathetic waitress were the only aspects keeping me from fleeing me seat. In short, a good place to professionally have a drink after work but thumbs down on the entree menu.
So.... This place is ok. By that I mean the drinks and the food (especially the calamari) was great. The service not so much. No acknowledgement when we arrive. Sit at the bar. None. They are not busy.   I hate to to pull the race card but this part of town lacks in diversity.   Asked to leave my card at the bar. Couple next to us didn't have to do this. I guess he thought we would run.   Never came out to see how we were doing. I had to go into the bar.   Worst service I've received in a while.   I wouldn't go if you are of flavor descent.   :)
Fares keep going up. Another service cut this month. I think I'd rather walk to work in the middle of the night!
Oh, PAT buses, why can't I quit you?  Here's the deal: I 100% blame Pittsburgh's bus system problems on Port Authority.  Between the winding bus routes, the inability of buses to show up on time, and the outrageous money spent on retirement plans, it should be disbanded.  The city needs to take over and reconfigure the entire system.  The Post-Gazette has printed some great pieces that explain how the system could be overhauled.  I've been a bus rider since birth (I still never drive), and it's only gotten worse over the years.  Some routes are great (outside of rush hours), others are ridiculous, and some good routes were recently cut.  Until transfers are free (which they should be within an hour window, in my opinion), it was insane to cut the 500, which added $10 a week to my bus tab just to get to work.  It is usable?  If you don't care about being on time.  I shouldn't have to show up 10 minutes early to catch a bus that should be coming by every 20 minutes according to the schedule.  I shouldn't have to stand in the middle of downtown traffic to flag down the 28x Airport Flyer when I'm standing at the stop and have an enormous purple suitcase.  When I'm going to work, I look up when I should be arriving...And then go back 1-2 time blocks to make sure I'm on time since I can't trust the bus.  Bus riders understand not all buses use the exclusive bus lanes, but maybe Port Authority should build the delays that happen every day into the schedule.  For example, there is not a chance that an inbound 71B takes a similar amount of time during the morning rush hour as it does mid-day.  I know this from experience.  Why doesn't the schedule know this?  The buses are so bad that now that I am two miles from work, I walk to and from every day.  In fact, I often BEAT the 71B home.  That means as I stroll two miles down Fifth Avenue, not a single bus passes me.  On the busiest section of the busiest non-highway street in Pittsburgh (data according to me).  How is this possible?  Finally, we live in Pittsburgh.  It's cold or raining or miserable most of the year.  I would gladly take fewer stops in exchange for heated bus shelters.  It would also be nice if these imaginary shelters could have bus arrival information.  Pitt's on the right track with their bus shelters at the Cathedral--take note.
I would give it a "1-star" review but the caption under "2-star" is more like it, "Meh.  I've experience better."  I have a love-hate relationship with PAT.  The buses are unreliable timing wise and a majority of the drivers are jerks.  From having to be 10 minutes early (I shouldn't have to play it safe!) to being prepared to wait for a couple buses since rush hour means over crowded buses ... PAT is like a powder keg.  You just never know when its going to blow up on your commute.  I do ride the bus daily.  And yes, it would take me the exact amount of time to drive in/out to work.  So honestly ... I treat PAT like I treat Airplane travel.  I get there when I get there ... as lone as I get there safely the on-time part is something I have learned to stop prioritizing as long as I'm riding a PAT bus.  ((Seriously tho, there's something wrong about having to make that concession!!))
I don't even really know where to begin with this review. I guess the most sensical thing to do with such a nonsensical transit system is a pros and cons list. (If nothing it will be the quickest and least painful for me and for you, my dear sweet reader.)  Pros - It is rare to find I can't get a bus to a place I want to go. Truth be told I don't leave the city a whole lot, but anytime I want to get somewhere with some leg work I can find a bus to take me where I want.  My morning bus (especially the insanely early 5am 86 from Bloomfield to work and the gym downtown) is almost always on time.   Cons -  It's a known fact that the last 54 from the Southside to the East End/Oakland/Etc rarely to never comes and the "last one" is NOT late enough to be considered an after the bars options to get home.  It's pretty common for the buses to either be a full 15 min early or 10 min late.  I've seen more than one person pee themselves.  I've had a bus driver just plain ignore my request for a stop and then ignore ME while I'm telling them as much.  PACKED buses and constantly cutting routes and trips.  Dirty buses. I've seen a dirty diaper or two.  I don't own a car so it's really my only mode of transportation since we can catch cabs here like in a normal city. I'd be lost without it, but it could be much much much better.
Well, it does get one from point A to point B in Pittsburgh.  But it's expensive, at least compared to the Metro Transit in Minneapolis that I'm used to. On Port Authority, it's $2.25 for a ticket, and an extra $1 for a transfer (which only gets you on one more bus, not all the way to your destination if it requires a bunch of transfers.) Coming from a maximum of $3 for two and a half hours of bus rides (express bus during rush hour), Port Authority is steep. I had to grab cash a couple of different times just to make sure I could keep paying fares throughout the days.  There's no day pass. Boo. If you're traveling a lot throughout the day, it adds up fast without some sort of pass.  Also, the 28X doesn't pick up passengers coming from downtown into Oakland (or drop them off in the reverse direction.) Very frustrating, especially with a Megabus terminal only three blocks away from one of the stops. (There's also Greyhound and Amtrak downtown, if I remember correctly.)
A BIG FAT DISAPPOINTMENT   I am concerned with the future of Port Authority, will Pittsburgh continue to have bus service as we know it? Port Authority constantly causes me a great deal of anxiety.  I have been riding the bus for as long as I can remember. We never had a car in my family. Now I am starting to feel like I've taken the bus for granted.  I have a license but I choose not to drive...because I work Downtown and the cost of renting a parking space Downtown is HIGH!!!   Anyway Port Authority to sum it up, is a hot damn mess.  How could I have forgotten?  I have been shut in bus doors by ignorant, rude, nasty bus drivers Twice!!!   And when it happen the first time, the bus drive wouldn't even apologize to me,  The bus drivers are a miserable bunch, just down right rotten,
I stood outside for waiting for the 71c outbound scheduled to come by around 4:50. At 5:05 I decided to walk into a coffee shop to keep warm since the bus didn't show up until 5:10.
If you like filthy buses, super high fares and about 50% rude operators then you will love Port Authority service.  Now if you like clean buses, reasonable fares and friendly service you will need to go somewhere else.  And no place for children as the language on the buses would make a sailor blush.  And in 14 years of riding Port Authority I have never seen a uniformed Port Authority officer riding a bus.
As a car-less denizen of PGH, I rely on PAT buses to get from Point A to Point B.  Living in Oakland, PAT offers buses to many places I need to go (downtown, the grocery store, the airport, etc.). As a PITT employee, the price (free) is right.  Having said this, I have several gripes:  1.) Buses almost never run on time, and there's no way to know when the next one is coming other than asking the other people at the bus stop how long they've been waiting. Come on, it's 2014--a GPS-enabled device should be in every bus so you can check to see where it is, or there should be a SMS alert system.  Singapore had this for their buses in 2010!  2.) Some drivers can be surly or just downright ignorant. More than once, a bus has passed me when waiting at a stop for no apparent reason, or has failed to hold on for 5-10 s. as I huffed and puffed to catch it. For whatever reason, the outbound 28X seems to be especially problematic.  True story: Last time I rode it, the driver didn't know where she was going, and we ended up crossing the Liberty Bridge, despite pax telling her this wasn't the route. To make matters worse, this was the last 28X of the night, so due to this detour, I didn't get home until after 1am.  3.) Regardless of which route you ride, the clientele can be a bit sketch. Some drivers will also let homeless people ride without paying/a voucher out of pity. On one occasion, a pax regaled the bus with nonsensical poetry (not sure if he was under the influence or just mentally incapacitated...), and the driver did nada about it (though it was amusing).  4.) The system of when to pay is nonsensical.  Despite having a terminal degree and having lived in PGH for 3 years, I still haven't figured it out, and have to rely on cues from the bus driver. While I understand the reason behind it (the free zone downtown), there must be a less confusing solution.  Get on it!  5.) For those who don't have a PITT or CMU pass, fares--including monthly passes--are expensive ($2.50 per trip). Pro Tip: For a round trip, when you pay for the first leg, ask for a transfer and use it on the second leg--this shaves $1.50 off your fare.  6.) Even in Oakland, where route options are better than in most areas of the city, there are no direct buses to some areas I'd like to visit (e.g., the Strip). Also, other than the P1 from downtown, buses serving the East Busway only run during rush hour on weekdays, and even the P1 only runs hourly off rush hour.  I've ridden public transit in other cities, and for its size, PGH should have a better system and lower fares.  For starters, the T (light rail) should be expanded to run east-west along the busways, given that it's currently a line to nowhere.
I cannot stand the Port Authority yet I'm an avid user of it b/c I hate driving especially during rush hour.  Can you have degrees of hate...well apparently you can and in this contest the Port Authority wins out marginally - which is why it gets 2 stars rather than 1.  I should clarify, I hate the bus system but don't mind the trolley or "T".  But unfortunately, I've been destined to live in an area which only has bus trasport so I've been trying to manage and I'm so fed up with the constant delays and no-shows of the bus I try to take to and from the city.  I have the option to take the G3 or 28X to get to and from the city in a reasonable amount of time.  There are other bus options but from my research they take well over an hour to get to and from the city to the Robinson area.  The G3 and 28X are the only "express" options.  The G3 has been very reliable in my experience but the timings are a bit inconvenient.  They operate from 5 AM something to a little after 8 AM and then resume around 3:00 PM until 7:00 PM during the weekdays only.  So if I need to get a bus after 8:00 AM or before 3:00 PM then this option is out so I have to rely on the 28X.  The 28X in my experience is constantly delayed or just does't show up and I make use of the schedule and the TrueTime app.  You would think that a bus that runs every 30 minutes could get it together and show up at least within 5-10 minutes of it's supposed scheduled time.  On most days, I wait over 20 minutes sometimes even 40 minutes and most of the time I'm at one of the first stops!    I wish there was a better transit option in the Pittsburgh area or the infrastrucure of the city (roads, parking, etc.) was improved...I feel like I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place.
The Port Authority runs a convoluted and inconsistent transit network - I hate Uber's business model, but there's a good reason services like it have found such a hold on Pittsburgh. The buses stop running regularly between 10:30-11:30 on weeknights and around midnight on the weekends; some buses require you to pay on exiting, which is bizarre; the timetables on the weekends sometimes feature forty-five-minute gaps between buses and the T only serves the South Hills. In general, I'm disappointed as a new resident without a car to have discovered Pittsburgh to be such a car-centric city when there are so many ways the Port Authority could be improved and expanded. As I write this I'm fifteen minutes late to work due to a late 28x - if you need to be somewhere, leave 90min in advance or risk being as unpunctual as the buses.
Ah.  The buses.  Considering the size of Pittsburgh, the bus system here is actually pathetic.  I live within a 1/2 of a mile from 8 bus lines.  Yet, there are plenty of places that I need 2 transfers to get to.  If you don't want to go to Oakland or downtown, the buses just don't get the job done.  First, as much as people are saying that there is real-time tracking, this is only half true.  About 1/4 of the buses have real time tracking, which is only helpful then 25% of the time.  If all of the buses had real-time, I would be willing to give the PAT a 3.5 star review.  The buses are all over the place time wise.  Second, the buses are dirty and over-crowded.  Clearly there is a decent demand for the buses in the city.  So why not actually make a decent public transportation system?  Many buses only run in rush hour or once per hour.  The T is a bit cleaner and significantly more reliable, however.  Finally,drivers range from super friendly to scary or just rude.  However, any time I have had a problem on the bus (because the biggest creeps ride the bus), the drivers have mostly been helpful.  One, quite literally, threw a guy off of the bus for me.  On the other hand, some drivers will refuse to make stops if they are running behind schedule.  Since I am a student, I use the bus constantly, thanks to it being free.  I wouldn't pay to use the bus.  And speaking of paying, no one understands how the system works, so don't worry.  It varies bus by bus, time of day, and more.
4.5 stars????   Really?????  Based on what?   The food is okay, but not great; standard breakfast diner fare.  The staff is friendly.  The prices are all right for what you get.  What I found most annoying was the uncomfortable seating.  The seats at the counter were torn and tilting off the base.  The booths were fast-food style: hard and tight.  It's as if they designed the seating to be uncomfortable so that you wouldn't linger.
Here's how you can make your own Primanti Bros Sandwich at home:  Take two slices of Italian Bread, between them, mash together bland cole slaw, fries, some assorted meat, tomatoes. And at your fingertips is Pitt's pride and joy.  I'm not from here, so maybe I don't share the love. We weren't really drunk when we were eating here, and it was in the middle of the day.   The service was pretty slow, but when our order was taken, the sandwich came out very fast.  It was a good sandwich in terms of having really hot meat, and cold tomatoes and cole slaw, but I didn't think its as tasty as it could have been.  I think the bread should be buttered and toasted/grilled texas toast, and they should use seasoned fries. Use some sweet North Carolina style Cole slaw.  I came, I saw, and I conquered, but I'm giving it back. I probably won't be back ever again.
I must admit that not being from Pittsburgh, I walked into this place with very different expectations for what a "cheesesteak" sandwich constituted. Having said that, while the inclusion of an enormous amount of fries and coleslaw on the sandwich was great, the tiny piece of beef "patty" that can only be described as something they use as a weight watchers/jenny craig portion leaves much to be desired. I honestly felt like I was eating some sort of vegetarian sandwich with a tiny piece of shriveled up beef patty lost somewhere in between the enormous slices of Italian bread.  On the plus side, the Oakland location does have a pretty sweet deal for after 10pm, where a sandwich and drink was 3 or 4 bucks.
I was out of town in Pittsburgh, and I was told this was the place to go to get the PA experience.  The meal started off pretty well with $2 Yuenglings and amazing chili, cheese, sour cream and bacon fries.  However, things took a turn for the worse when the famous sandwiches came out.  Two of us had the turkey and one had the colossal fish.  I thought the turkey was slimy and tasted weird.  The fries added almost no flavor to the sandwich, and the cole slaw was gross.  The bread was terrible, and overall, the sandwich made me nauseous.  Totally not worth it, unless you just go for the fries and drinks.
Primanti's sandwiches pretty much sum up Pittsburgh in many ways:  big, over-the-top, tasteless, and unhealthy.  What more could you ask for? Unfortunately, this place is pretty dirty.  Make sure no flies land on your food.  It seems like Pittsburgh natives love this place, which is fine.  Its food certainly is unique.  However, if you're not from Pittsburgh, there's a good chance you'll walk away with a rather bland taste in your mouth.  By the way, do not pronounce the "t" in Primanti.  It really irks native Pittsburghers.  It's pronounced "Primanny."  Unfortunately, I learned this the hard way.
Primanti Bros is basically the heart of all yinzers in Pittsburgh. However, I have to take primanti bros in doses. Their big ass sandwiches make me feel like I dont need to eat the rest of the week. Sometimes I love it for that and sometimes I hate it. Either way its a nice place to sit back, relax, and enjoy a nice cold beer with my friends.    My only complaint about this particular primanti bros in market square is the people that it generates. Anywhere from hookers to crackheads. I have been in there several times and atleast 4 or 5 times I watched someone get kicked out for doing something illegal. My advice is, if you can, go to this primantis during the day for lunch dont go at night. If you can go to the one in the strip district or southside on 17th street.
I'm gonna get slaughtered for giving this place a bad review, but whatever.   I was told by several people that I absolutely HAD to check out Primanti Bros while I was in Pittsburgh. I was excited about visiting this institution during my stay... but it really didn't deliver for me.   Yes, this was a huge sandwich with fries and cole slaw in it, but the sheer quantity of food didn't make up for the fact that it was really bland. Maybe I just got the wrong thing (the Pittsburger Cheese Steak - which is somehow their #2 seller...?). My friend liked her sandwich, which was eggs and bacon, I believe. Maybe we just went to the wrong Primanti Bros location.   I would give this place another shot if I'm ever in town again, but my first impression wasn't a great one.
Okay, I'm a heretic. I'm prepared to be stoned by the fundamentalists.  A native sent me here, an apparent Pittsburgh landmark. My wife and I are not cole slaw fans, so we ordered our hot sausage sandwich sans slaw.  What I got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich. The fries were lifeless and the hot sausage was not not. The bread was devoid of texture and flavor.  So, yeah, I didn't order it The Way It's Supposed To Be. Maybe if you're into cole slaw, this is the place to go, but if you don't, keep walking. Service was indifferent, at best.
My first time at Primanti Bros in Pittsburgh, PA.  I was not impressed with my sandwich there.  I've only been once so maybe I ordered the wrong thing but it just wasn't blowing my skirt up.  I ordered the corned beef sandwich with the fries and slaw and it tasted a little bland to me.  It needed some sauce.  I think with some mustard this might have been great.  It was dry.  I did enjoy the cole slaw.  The service was fast and the server we had was very friendly and attentive.
I'm with others here - not a lover of Primanti Bros.  Sandwiches are fine (I have ordered the turkey and cheese) but the service is horrible.  Rude, arrogant, and just nasty.  Plus when is the last time a broom has been taken to the floors?  (I'm reviewing the Monroeville one here).
Decided to try the place since I heard about it and is listed in things to do in Pittsburgh. This place is really connected to Pittsburgh itself and Conan even mentioned it in one of his shows as a place to eat at.  Ordered the "2nd most popular" item which was the cheesesteak that was very, very plain. Nothing great about the patty. The thing was HUGE and stacked with fries and coleslaw which I found didn't work well (although there are others out there that do it with success!)  You can't deviate and ask for it without the coleslaw either and their menu stated it as "All of our sandwiches come with..."  The portions are huge, one order can feed 2 average appetites.    The fries were the only upside of this place.  The service here is horrible.. there was 2 people running the place and our tables werent clean and it takes forever.. I don't blame it on the servers but whoever manages the place.  I don't think I will ever go back again.
When I told people I was going to Pittsburgh, everyone recommended Primanti Bros. I went and was underwhelmed. It was a big sandwich, but the flavour was not amazing. I also ordered a bowl of chili which was too spicy for me. As a Chicago native, I feel it's the equivalent of people recommending Giordano's or Portillo's. They're not exactly the greatest places in town, but they're well-known and popular for one reason or another. Do it just to say you did.  I don't like coleslaw.
eh.  Go here once to say you did. You'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it. It will be pretty huge. That is all.  I might go back to check out the nightlife. I'll update my review then.
It wasn't bad, but it definitely wasn't good.   As soon as we walked in the door the place was jammed back with people who were not interested in seating anyone or telling anyone they would be seated. On one side of the restaurant there were literally two girls working, and one of them was pregnant. You can imagine the chaos. I wanted to have this "Pittsburgh" experience that I've heard so much about but honestly I was more than underwhelmed.   After being seated, it took the waitress 10 minutes to get around to actually saying hello to us and in between that time a large group of people decided to squeeze in a booth behind our table making my friend having to get up every time a waitress or another person needed to squeeze back there.  The sandwich at best was mediocre. The coleslaw was a bit too vinegary for my tastes and became sickening after the first half of the sandwich. I needed a lot of ketchup to even finish the sandwich. Not to mention I got a nice souvenier of vinegary smelling hands afterwards.   If you're a tourist, go do it to say you had a colossal sandwich and lived the "Pittsburgh" experience. Apart from that, I don't know why you'd return.
Woulda been a 1 star review if not for our cute & courteous waitress.  That said: YUCK!   This was my second supremely dissapointing Primanti's experience in nearly a decade of living in this fine little city.  I guess the fascination with this place must be that it it 1. has a bar 2. you don't have to order a side of fries or coleslaw because it's all gonna be slathered on your sandwich.  Bleh!  On my first Primanti experience, I ordered a corned beef sandwich as it shoud be, no fries or coleslaw on it.  So I was served 2 slices of bread and about 1.5 slices of corned beef.  What a rip off.  2nd experience, today, equally as awful.  But as i said... waitstaff was great.  I ordered a "Pitts-burger" with coleslaw and fries on the side.  Seriously, the quality of the burger I was served made 7-11 mini mart burgers seem gourmet.  I guess you really see what their overpriced, crappy sandwiches are truly made of when you strip off the fries & coleslaw.  Their fries are also soggy and gross.  Not a whole lot goin' on here except for cutie/attentive waitresses.    If you want a decent, GIANT-sized sandwich and a real PGH experience, go to Peppi's.
I understand Primanti is a historic institution here in Pittsburgh but other than the name I don't think it has much going on unless you're in the mood for quantity versus quality. I got reeled into my experience because everyone said to try it when I moved here. Really simple menu as you just choose the meat you'd like in your sandwich. I went with pastrami which was good but the combination of the cole slaw, tomato, french fries and bread was just okay and made it soggy as I finished the second half. The sheer size of it all was just too much too. I wouldn't return again, though if you're visiting and into doing Pittsburgh touristy stuff I would say you would need to experience Primanti to judge for yourself.
I walked in, sat down, and ordered an IC light. Looked around, and realized that this restaurant looks awfully like one of the restaurants I saw on the food network where the guy goes around and eats these ridiculously large meals. After eating a Pittsburgher (the second most popular dish) and trying the colossal fish sandwich, and a capicola sandwich, I've decided that the best part of my meal was the IC light.   My friend's colossal fish was the best of the three and it's best eaten as two meals. My Pittsburgher was the pitts and I wouldn't order it again. Unlike your pitts on a 90+ degree day, it was really dry. The sandwich was only salvaged by my grotesque use of hot sauce. The concept isn't that ridiculous either. Just get fries and coleslaw and put it in your sandwich. The chili cheese fries were mediocre as well, but the portion again was hugemongous.  I'd come back here if I were in Pittsburgh again because its just a nice place to chill at on Market Square. But the food is only serviceable. Substituting quantity with quality can only get you so far.  The ambiance, service, atmosphere, and tradition makes this place pretty unique, but it don't make the food taste better.
Maybe the expectations were too high, but I had a pastrami sandwich and I thought it was quite bland. The only flavors were vinegar and pepper. It was better with hot sauce, but I expected better.
I heard from everyone that the Primanti sandwiches are the quintessential Pittsburgh food.   We scored a nice seat outside and indulged in some Iron Hill beer that was on special for $2 for a  20 oz beer. The sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive.  Be warned that everything here comes with french fries, even the salads.
This is one of the most over hyped restaurant that I have ever been to.  I know it's a Pittsburgh legend. I have been there several times and every time say to myself, I won't be going back.  I only go there when dragged by coworkers.    The restaurant is always packed, service is slow and you have to get up to get a drink refill from the cashier.  Yes it's unique having fries and cole slaw on your sandwiches, but the sandwiches are horrible.  Burnt Roast Beef or poor quality cheese steaks just don't cut it with me.
Primanti's is a Pittsburgh institution.  The original is in the strip district just outside of downtown proper.  They are famous for large sandwiches with the fries IN the sandwich, not on the side.  Idea was born out of truckers wanting a meal they could eat on the road.  Yes, if you are in PIT you should probably go once just to say you've been there.  That being said, I have been a number of times and tried a number of different sandwiches and to be honest they all were fairly bland.  Lack of flavor really hurts them in my opinion.
Primanti Brothers is definitely a Pittsburgh institution. If you are traveling through, you definitely have stop here, at least for the novelty factor. Overall, food is good for a... well, for a sandwich shop... But in the end, I didn't leave with a sense that I really had to come back.   The real novelty at Primanti Brothers is that all of there sandwiches include french fries and cole slaw inside that sandwich. And to that I say... "who cares".  I personally didn't care for the fries and slaw inside my sandwich, but I am also not a huge french fry or cole slaw fan. (I like the good ones, but I can easily pass on average,) I will say that their cole slaw, which was vinegar rather than mayonnaise based, was quite good. And there fries were above average, but not as good as somewhere like say, Five Guys.   The ingredients in the sandwich were all pretty good. I had the Pastrami and my friend had the Angus steak. The bread, meat, cheese, etc., were all good quality and were distinct when tasted individually. The sandwiches also seemed to work OK as a package, but for some reason for me--aside from the novelty factor--they didn't stand out. I think that maybe with the fries and slaw in there, there is just too much going on and those two tend to dominate the whole sandwich. It really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients.   On the plus side, the sandwiches average about $7 each, and for that price, your get a pretty decent sandwich. In the end, Primanti Brothers is a definite must try if you are passing through, but I don't see myself craving these babies any time soon.
I really don't know what the hype is about.  I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant.
Always love Primanti's and I was Central Pittsburgh area, so I went for lunch. It was after the rush and wasn't too busy but the waitresses acted like it was. I was told to sit myself, which is cool since I wanted to sit outside. But then two waitresses kept coming and going without even looking at me. Finally a third came and took my order. I got my usual.... pastrami, extra cheese, no tomato, add egg. When did she miss the "no tomato"? I got my sammich (eventually) and there was the tomato. I immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again MIA. She just disappeared again. I waited as long as I could but she never came back. I finally carried the sloppy tomato seed-covered bread back into the restaurant myself and told the cook I needed a new piece of bread. He gave it to me with a funny look, then I ate my sammich, and then five minutes later the waitress finally showed up. Until then she was just missing. I was so annoyed, but when she came back it was just to refill my drink. A few minutes later I needed my bill, but guess what, she was gone again! I had to walk inside to get my check and then pay it. I was really annoyed. Love me some Primantis but the Market Square one has terrible service.
Prior to writing my review for Primanti Bros., I put on my helmet, tooth guard, started my car and prepared to run away once the angry hordes of Pittsburghers read my review...Why you ask?   Get ready for it....deep breath...  I...don't...like...Primantis...  Gasp!  Choke!  Faint!  Yes, yes, I know.  As a born and bred Pittsburgher, I am committing blasphemy by admitting I don't like Primantis.  I don't like their sandwiches, I don't like their nachos, I don't like their soups, salads, wings or fries.  I find the whole idea of a sandwich containing 3,000 calories worth of Italian bread, cole slaw, meat, and fries just too over the top.  The fries are a soggy mess, the slaw has too much vinegar, the meats are cheap, and the bread is...well the bread is actually ok.  I know it's a Pittsburgh institution and it even served a very pragmatic purpose back in the day, but now it's just kitsch that gets the city featured on Food Network on occasion.  I've eaten there numerous times and have done my Pittsburgh duty of taking all out of towners to the (in)famous Primanti's, but always with the caveat that, "It's not that good." and usually an apology afterward.  So there you have it.  I do feel like a giant weight has been lifted off of my shoulders.  I no longer have to carry around my terrible, terrible secret.
I was very excited to go here because of all the buzz about this place.  To be honest this place was not that good at all.  The sandwiches, although unique, were not that good. It was all french fries and very little meat.  My husband and I were almost mad at how little meat was on the sandwiches.  We won't be going back but at least we experienced it.
Underwhelming is one word that comes to mind. The meat tasted cheap, the fries were soggy and the sandwich as a whole was pretty tasteless. Maybe my expectations were just too high, I don't know. I went bc I had to, but I definitely will skip next time I'm in town.
Boring sandwich. Period. I fell for the "hype" and while it was filling for $7 bucks, it just did not satisfy a craving...I had the corned beef.
We did the obligatory Primanti Bros stop on our recent first visit to Pittsburgh. We can understand how it's a novelty to have fries on everything. But if they're not seasoned well and crisp...what's the point? When a place gets talked up so much, you can't help but have big expectations. We were disappointed...  Here's the thing, when you sit down at a restaurant and the table is filthy, the menus have food all over them, and they bring your drinks in Solo cups...Without a doubt, if I were still in college and needed to nurse a hangover, this would probably be a go-to place.   My husband ordered the Italian Sausage, which was obscenely big, with good flavor, but again the fries were mush and flavorless. Luckily, we had ordered an additional side of slaw, because that's truly what made the sandwich, which was very tasty. We also ordered the "vegetarian" soup which was good, but I ordered a chix salad because a MASSIVE sandwich with fries and slaw on it was just not calling me. Little did I know, the gimmick of fries on everything meant fries on everything....including my salad. It was really gross to have these tasteless grease piles on my salad which I couldn't even eat. Although we were dining there, the salad came in a plastic to-go box and pre-packaged dressing in a packet. The chicken was like tasteless rubber.   We checked of the "Primanti Bros" box, but won't be back.
Disappointed, big time.  Local info lauds this place as an institution.  I say: pass.  The sandwich was soggy, bland, and just all-around not good.  I didn't get sick from it, so that's a bonus.    Choose wisely.  Go to Meat & Potatoes instead, and order a sandwich there.
If you like sandwiches with french fries piled on them, go for it.   But no good sandwich needs nonsense like that.  These are not very good sandwiches to begin with and adding soggy fries doesn't help.  Not to mention the bread is not fresh and is just a thick, bland wonder-bready thing.    I appreciate that they're not aiming at  customers like me.  Big sloppy sandwiches are fun for a lot of people so I hate to be a party pooper, but I don't think the quality is there.
This place holds a nostalgic appeal for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. If that experience is what your looking for, please visit. If you're looking for a tasty meal, go somewhere else. 5 stars for history, 0 for food quality and flavor.
I just moved here back in September and one of the first places i was told to go for great food was Primanti Bros. The food was great as I was told from several people from the area and back home.  What I was not happy with was the setting policy and service. Just to get a seat here I had to wait standing up watching people eat like a creepy stalker just to see who would get up first and finally when I got a seat no one cleaned our table for a while or even took our order cause no one even knew we had been seated. If we were bad people we could have stolen the check from the last table as they had paid with cash. Once we got a servers attention and got the table cleared and our drinks and food ordered the server forgot our drinks and when we where finally able to flag her down our food came out not even 5 minutes later. In total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food. Don't even think about getting a refill I had to walk in and ask the bartender for refills for me and my family after being ignored several times. When we were done we wanted to leave but couldn't till we paid the bill and because we paid with credit card we had to wait for the server to return with our card. It took so long and with other people looking at us to get the hell up so they could sit we just walked in to retrieve the card at was just sitting on the back of the bar and had not yet been processed so I had to wait again.  Food can only get you so far, so my suggestion is if you want a good Food and can wait an hour feel free and come here. If you don't have the time just go next door to the Subway.
Returned to Pittsburgh, Ate at Primanti a 2nd time:  I stand by my decision: Pass.
Bread, slaw, tomato, fries, and a small piece of overcooked fish all piled together. Warm yiengling and mediocre service.   Aweful
Had such high hopes for this place on our visit to Pittsburgh.  The presentation of the sandwiches were making my mouth water, there's a lot of good things going on in the ingredients...In theory, this should've resulted in a bold flavor taste explosion, but I found myself severely let down by all of the bland ingredients piled high in front of me.  The pastrami was terrible, the coleslaw weak, and the fries were bland, dry, and flavorless.  Still bummed, my guess is that this place I more of a tourist draw now than a legit sandwich shop.
I ordered a fave of diners, the Pittsburger. cheesesteak.  It's a burger with cheese coleslaw, French fries  all piled between 2 thick pieces of bread. Looked ok.  It, however, didn't work for me.  The coleslaw was great though!! It's not much of a cheesesteak. It's a weird burger. That burger seemed like a fried frozen burger. Not much cheese either.  My crew had the kielbasa sandwich and the ham sandwich respectively. They looked great.  I don't think fries on my sandwich works for me either. I can't hold it against them though.  I chose poorly. I think they are probably good though.  My motto: eat food you recognize.
Alright so being from Texas I'm used to lots of seasoning, lots of flavor, and lots of heat if things are supposed to be spicy.  This sandwich shop lacks all of those things.  This was my first shot at local food (I think it's local, that's what I was told), and definitely nothing to write home about.  They did have some decent draft beer options but no one in my group of 10 said they would come back.  Try another "local" joint if you have an option.
Highly disappointing. While sandwich is unique it was totally over cooked and under seasoned. No flavor
So an honest review.  Bland.  Service good prices cheap but food very bland and pre made.  I ordered the new black bean burger sandwich.  Bread not toasted, burger tasted a lot like my morning star black bean burger that I get frozen.  Coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce I smothered on it.  The best part was by far the fries which weren't all that great.  I am glad that those were home made.  I picked all the bread off ate mostly the fries and was not very impressed.  The beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating.  I'm not a big foodie but I like my food taste better.  I still ate because I was hungry and it's not uneatable, just bland and kinda of boring.  It's still a must do in Pitts so go ahead and do it at least once, but skip the rest of your stay.
i guess if you are in Pittsburgh and you want to do Pittsburgh things you have to grab a Primanti Bros sandwich but it isn't that good of a sandwich. Pittsburgh is loaded with great places to eat.  you can certainly do better.  having said that, i  totally get grabbing a Primanti Bros if you are in Pitt.
There are some places that are better when you grow up or at least have memories while eating at a restaurant. This was highly recommended to us while visiting Pittsburgh. First, we were disappointed by how many places were closed on a Sunday. We wanted bar type food with a couple of drinks. We were told to go there by several people. I got the capacola, great concept putting the coleslaw and fries in the sandwich but it just tasted bland to me. I asked for them to toast the bread but they said they couldn't do it because it sticks to the grill... "Can't put a piece of bread on the grill?" Again, when there a memories of this place I am sure the sandwich taste better than they really are. But as an outsider judging the food alone, it was sub par.
I had the famous Pitts-Burger and it was disgusting! The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because of the bread. The bread is super soft and tasty but the meat was gross and the cole slaw was bitter. I don't see what the hype is all about!
If you've been to Pittsburgh you know what to expect from a Primanti Sandwich. When I'm in the mood for them, they are fantastic. So when my mother and aunt came to visit da Burgh for the first time they were intensely curious about local restaurants, and this one came up. They thought it sounded fun and different, but since one is pescatarian leaning to the veg side, and the other is gluten intolerant, I really didn't think Primanti would be the best place to take them.  Walking around down town we passed this one, and they wanted to sit down and give it a try. It was a beautiful day so we sat outside, which was really amazing. We were also amazed by our server. By the end of the meal, we were amazed she remembered to show up at work at all. In fact, its a distinct possiblility that she didn't ever work there, and was just confused and thought she was at the greek place across the square. You don't go to a sandwich shop to be blown away by your server, but there is a minimum standard you should aspire to, and she was far off that mark.  She took forever to get there, but it was no hardship sitting outside on a beautiful day with two of my favorite gals. We talked about the menu, Auntie decided to order anything with no bread, with some loaded fries. Mom wanted a sardine sandwich, but only if its the sardine filets, she doesn't like the kind with bones. She is not one to make a fuss, so figured cheese and egg would be fine too.   When she came around for drinks, they got a water and a pop. I asked if she had PBR, and she replied she didn't know. Then continued to stand there, pen in hand, ready to write my drink order down. OK then, how about I just have a diet pop. Before she ran off, we ordered our meals. I asked her if the sardines have bones in them or not. She looked up from her note pad and looked at me with a look that said {insert foul insult here} and shrugged. A big, slow, deliberate shrug. Not a word. And then just stood there waiting to write my order down. After a good, long, awkward pause, she said "I don't know."  All three of us just looked back at her, waiting, until eventually she sighed, held her pad down by her side, and with a big roll of the eyes, asked if I wanted her to check. Yes. Please do.  So then she ran off, and started running food out to tables all around and refilling drinks. Running the sandwiches, she would grab two or three tables at a time, and then put all the sandwiches down, sort of paw through them to see what was what, and leave theirs and take the rest. It was just strange.  She came back, and without looking up announced "Don't matter, we are out of sardines anyways."Facepalm! From the length of time she had been inside the restaurant, I doubt she even asked. Mom, very uncomfortable that her question had become such a horrible inconvenience, asked for egg and cheese. Auntie ordered loaded fries to start, then her corned beef with no bread. The waitress told her she already gets fries with her sandwich, but she wanted them anyways. I got balogna, just because neither of them would ever guess what jumbo means.  Of course, the order came out quickly, and wrong. Mine was fine the way it came, but not what I asked for. Mom was the same. Auntie was fine, but no loaded fries every showed up. Until we got the check, that's where they were. Getting those taken off was another huge inconvenience to our poor server.   My Aunt picked up lunch, and left the tip. I don't know what she left, but I think that probably amazed the server as much as her server amazed us. All in all, I reckon she enjoyed our lunch together just as much as we did.
Definitely didn't live up to the expectations.  Being from the east coast I've had my fair share of delicious sandwiches.  Stopped in for lunch and had the capicola sandwich.  Outside of the bread I can't say it was memorable in any way.  That said I could see this as a post night out stop and would probably enjoy it a lot more.
Well, now I know why people don't usually put french fries in their sandwiches. Sandwich comes out huge and kind of dry, and you can't taste the meat at all.
customer service is always nice but dont you all think that this place is little over-rated? Their 'Almost Famous Sandwitches' need some hard work to get famous. Basically, this place is like Dr. Pepper soda. People are crazy about it but that thing tastes extremely ridiculous.
I knew that once we hit Pittsburgh, we HAD to try Primanti Bros. Everybody AND their bro had been raving about it and I just had to give it a taste for myself.   Unfortunately...my taste did me no great feat. I ordered the Capicola and Cheese from a waitress who would have rather thrown a sandwich in my face than take my order...no joke: service=terrible. HOWEVER, I was willing to give them a pass seeing as it was the day of a Steelers home game and that place was PACKKKKED. (I've done my fair share of service work and I know days like that can be a real bitch) Moving along...after I ordered for myself and my handsome ginger sidekick, I was oozing with excitement to get my butt in a seat and chow down on this sandwich I had heard about all weekend!   Fast Forward THIRTY. MINUTES. LATER. We get our food.  Ok, I get it, your busy. But let me reiterate here: FOUR tables were served before we were. And we only got two sandwiches. Insert pissed emoji here.   So, after all was said and done, my sandwich was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The service blew it for me. And I was so pumped too. Damn.
I've tried it twice now because if you ever mention you're going to Pittsburgh the first thing you hear is "Oh Man, you HAVE to go to Primanti's".  Sorry, I guess it's just not my thing.  It's not horrible once I take off all the french fries they pile up, but it's definitely not my thing.
I don't care for Primanti brothers.  It is overrated.  There are much better sandwiches in the city.  The sandwiches aren't bad, they just aren't great.  I like the fries.  I like the vinegar based cole slaw.  Both are great.  The white bread is fine.  My issue is with the main ingredients.  The main ingredients just seem to be lacking in quality.  My other issue is their restaurants are all filthy.  I've been to 4 different Primanti locations and each one just seems greasy.  Better Pittsburgh Sandwich Alternatives: Fathead's has a sandwich with kielbasa and pierogies. Wingharts has a burger with fries and cole slaw.
Full disclosure: we had a bigger party than this place usually handles. So the cards were stacked against them.   That being said, this place was NOT good. Firstly, the food had no flavor. That has nothing to do with our party size. I ordered the sardine & cheese, but in our party there were grilled chicken sandwiches, black bean burgers, & cheese steaks ordered. The sandwiches were big, especially for the price. But no flavoring, just overcooked, unseasoned meat with too many steak fries (in the sandwich) & weak cheese. The only seasoning available are salt, pepper, hot sauce, & ketchup. BIG disappointment.   I'll cut them slack on the service because we were a big party, but they couldn't handle it well. Their stress was evident, & it took away from their service.  If it were me by myself or one other person, it would be 1 star. But the second start is pity for the party size
We were in Pittsburgh and decided to try this place since it comes so highly recommended. Neither I nor my husband understood the hype about this place. The sandwich didn't really have much flavor and I would have rather just had the fries on the side with some malt vinegar. It did the trick of filling me up, but that's about it. We'd probably never go back.
I don't understand the hype with this place.  The sandwiches they serve are gross!  Super dry and no good flavor other than the cole slaw.    They could make them better if they serve them with a sauce.  I asked for my egg over easy and they said no which kind of made angry, you're not eating my sandwich...  Needless to say I think I offended them.    Other than that the service was good so I gave it two stars.
I was recommended this place when I told my friends I was visiting Pittsburgh. I ordered the "Pitts-burger" sandwich which was dry, under seasoned, and very disappointing to say the least. The meat seemed like it was previously frozen and reminded me of a Salisbury steak you'd be served at lunch in a cafeteria. The fries were unsalted and required lots of ketchup. The coleslaw lacked flavor and the bun was simple white bread.   I know there is a lot of hype surrounding this place but I would recommend heading elsewhere.
I was in Pittsburgh for a conference and was told by so many people to visit this restaurant and try their "unique" sandwiches, a Pittsburgh classic. I had the corned beef. Two in my party had the steak, one had turkey and the fifth had a salad. The bread was fresh and soft and very enjoyable on the sandwich. The rest was "blah". If you like cole slaw with vinegar instead of mayo, you may like the sandwich better than I.  The fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor. I've had much better sandwiches than this and all five of us left the restaurant wondering what all the fuss is about.
Stopped in here on a drive home from Sandusky, OH after hearing about it from some friends and also on Man versus Food.   The very high expectations we had were not met.  The entire staff were great and super friendly but the sandwiches themselves were a little disappointing.  Hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway.  Scrapped that all off. Nothing special. We shared the corned beef and the salami.   The bread was fresh but so think between the bread and the fries with no salt it over powered the small amount of meet.  So sure it's a huge sandwich at a great price if you want bread with flavorless potatoes on it.  No need to go back but glad we finally tried it.   I do give the fried pickles a 5.  Probably some of the best i have had.  They saved this meal somewhat.
Ordered the black angus top sirloin steak and cheese for 7.99$ cause the people next to us recommended it however it was nothing special. Way too much coleslaw. Def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else. Only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it!
Just alright if that. Nothing special. My husband saw it showcased on the food channel or something close and so we tried it while in Pittsburgh. So, I got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it. Sounds interesting but the coleslaw was slightly bitter and I'm used to coleslaw being a little sweet. Too many fries on the sandwich. Trust me on this, there is a such thing as too much of a good thing. Oh, and like 2 slices of meat and a slice of cheese. I thinks it's overhyped.
Not the best.  I've been here three times and it's been inconsistent.  The sandwiches will come out on a piece of wax paper so it's pretty simple. They really overload the sandwiches with coleslaw and french fries. I end up picking half of my sandwich apart. I brought my family here thinking it would be a good "Pittsburgh sandwich shop." My family got the Pittsburgher sandwich, which is supposed to be their #2 seller, and all of them said it tasted terrible. It looked pretty awful like a hard, dry, high school cafeteria lunch.  Some waiters are great, others will completely forget about you.  Prices are decent.  I wouldn't recommend this place. There is much better places right in market square.
We were expecting so much more. We of course wanted to see what the hype was all about. We ordered the "Pitt burger" and boy was it disappointing.  The burger is dry and lacks flavor. The fries were old and greasy. The Cole slaw was ok, it did help the taste buds experience a little flavor. The bread was the worst part. Big, dry, and old. Ugh.  They were out of fried pickles so we didn't get a chance to try those.   Trust the reviews, it's not worth the wait or the money!
Everyone says, "Going to Pittsburgh?  Gotta go to Primanti Bros.!"  So, we did.  And it's . . . okay.  Just okay.  Market Square is a fine setting, but the food (decent portions of fairly standard bar food) was only reasonably good.
I love Primanti's sandwiches. I'm a Pittsburgher and will always love their sandwiches. If you want to hear more about those, read other reviews. This one is for the service at this restaurant.  It's just bad. The servers are polite, but extremely inattentive. I'm going to go ahead and play my "I Waited on Tables in High Volume Restaurants for Several Years" card just so I can say that even during lunch rush, no, that level of absence is not acceptable. They take up to fifteen minutes to even greet the table, which leaves you looking around wondering who will be serving you, or if you can at least have a water. If I were serving, I'd at least pop over and say a quick, "Hi, my name's Ali. I'll be with you in just a few minutes." No matter how busy you are, there are a few things you just don't let slip: greetings, drink refills, and a speedy check. If it's busy, communicate that delay by saying "thank you for waiting," or "sorry for the wait." Honestly that's all it takes. That's it! Primanti's servers were lacking in all of these things, and from the customer perspective, it really does make a difference in the experience. Ok, sorry for the rant, but they either need to better train the servers they have, or hire more so they aren't stretched so thin.
Apparently a Pittsburgh tradition. Had the pastrami sandwich which had a lot of fries, but hardly any pastrami. The fries weren't very good either -- took them off and was left with a sub-par sandwich.
In short, my sandwich tasted like the great depression but the service was great.  If you need more info, read on.  Came here after a 5 1/2 drive expecting the best sandwich I ever had.  I was served grocery store-quality "roast beef" on stale french bread; their Roast Beef sandwich.  No flavor and a serious lack of saltiness.  I can literally make a better tasting sandwich using Oscar Myer lunch meat and table condiments than what I tasted in your roast beef sandwich.  The sandwich sucked; no flavor, no excitement.  We had to add ketchup, salt, pepper, and hot sauce to make it anything other than bland.  I have had better food from back-woods gas stations in Louisiana at mid night than what I was served here.   And the beer menu was mediocre, at best.  No hard hitters, just a couple local beers and generic bullshit.    On the other hand, the fried pickles were great.  And the wait staff were awesome.  They had some pretty big parties to deal with at really busy times and handled it well.  Wait staff was 9/10 but the food was only good enough for the steel workers of the 1930's who needed to fill their bellies with something for energy.    I'm not planning to go back to Pittsburgh, but if I do, I'm not going to this place.  It wasn't worth the trip, wasn't worth the money, and the food (at the very finest) was mediocre(and that is being gentle),   Also, parking was shit.  Enjoy paying an additional $8 2 blocks away for something my kid could have made better in 5 minutes than the 80 minutes we spent there.    I get it, this place is a local legend, but it's sad when every fast food sandwich I have ever had in my life beat what I got for less money.  I've had better sandwiches at Arby's,  My advice:  Locals must not know shit from their asshole.  There are a lot of other great places around this location, go there.  This place really did suck.
Spent a night in Pittsburgh on our way from NY to Norton, Ohio.  Heard all about these sandwiches, needed to give it a go while here.    We spent a weekend in Philly in December, thought maybe this was a rival sandwich to the cheesesteak.  It is not.  We split the Pitts-burger, very dry, even with the recommended hot sauce.  It tasted more like meat-loaf than a burger, not even some cole-slaw and fries on the actual sandwich could salvage this - imagine how bad it must be if even that can't help.  We had an order of Buffalo wings as well, they would have to be included in a conversation of the worst wings we've ever had.  The tater-tots were great, should definitely stay on the menu.    The service and the beer selection was fine, especially the service.  Glasses were never empty for long, they would even ask to fill up right before you were done.  Super helpful to any questions we may have had.  We were immediately seated, even though they were swamped and working their asses off.  So all the stars are for the service and beer, the sandwich is not something I would do again, unlike some of those Philly cheesesteaks.
Really not sure what all the hype and popularity of this place is all about. Sandwich was meh. Fries were meh. Tater tots were meh. But the dipping sauce for the tots were on point. That's about it.  There is very little meat on the sandwich. It's mostly bread and a huge clump of coleslaw. Came here because everyone says it's "the place" when in Pittsburgh. I'd pass....  Service isn't that great either.
Our Primate Brothers sandwiches were good, but they could have used more seasoning for the different layers. We were excited to try them, but did not get the hype around them.
OK, so the french fries and cole slaw are served on the sandwich, which is served on wax paper.  That doesn't make the bread anything better than plain white and didn't make our service any better than fair. Primanti's used to be special-single location with good service, open into the wee hours, and uniquely presented sandwiches.  Now it's a local chain, widely imitated, and no longer special.
For all the hype this was very disappointing.  Just a bunch of random flavors (Bologna, coleslaw, friend fries)  that just seemed to cancel each other out. You needed the supplied hot sauce to give it any flavor.  Skip it.
Came here because of the history behind it (and a recommendation from my uber driver). The sandwich is honestly more for the experience than the taste. It has too much going on and the flavor a are not a good compliment. The lettuce (which I suspect is actually shaved cabbage) is overpowering, the burger patty was so so, and same with the fries. Not a fan of the French bread. I like the open concept kitchen and the ambiance is great. Service is not great, but not bad. Won't be coming back after this visit.
I am visiting from California and was very disappointed with the service and food. It was all bread and coleslaw. The waiter was not nice at all!  Blah!!!!
Monte Cellos is located fairly close to my work, and so I've gone a few times.  Each time, I ask myself, "Why am I going back?"  Mediocre dish after Mediocre dish, somehow I think it will get better next time.  Last time I had a Grilled Chicken Salad that they're known for --- at least that's what the cashier said.  It was grilled chicken, french fries, a little cheese on chopped lettuce. Can you say B-O-R-I-N-G?  Today I had a steak hoagie.  Enough places in Pittsburgh do these that comparing them is easy.  While the bread is fresh, and the hoagie buns are huge --- it's all downhill from here.  Enter three slices of steak-ums and the contents of the hoagie are just flat. The bread is 90% of the meal. Unmemorable.  I was happy with the pizza I had there, but for salads and hoagies? Not so much.
Server said chicken parm sub was whole white meat - it was just a breaded mushy patty. Yuck. My friend got an italian sub that was OK. Skip this place - there are other decent cheap eats downtown.
There are always atleast 2 group of annoying kids who just loiter and stare at everyone as they're walking in & out. The staff doesn't seem to care. Make sure to check your fries before you leave bc they are sometimes Luke warm. Even after you buy something it's a challenge for them to unlock the bathroom. You stand at the door 5min, walk to the counter and ask again then walk back and wait at the door forever again until finally you head back to the counter one last time and freak out.. all to pop a squat over the toilet. This has happened on two totally different occasions.   The workers themselves are ok and the managers are nice.
I don't know why but this McDonalds always managed to get my order wrong.  This is almost constant.   However there is a young assistant management who is extremely professional and friendly.  He make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly. I believe his name is Matt or something that begins with a M.  (Young guy, brown hair, and awesome tattoos).      The major complaint that I have with this location is when the high schools let out.  The tons of students just hang out, cussing or making a lot of noise.  They sit on tables and often just sit at your table.  When Arby's and Wendy's use to be open next door, the management did not put up with this loitering.
I don't know why but this McDonalds always managed to get my order wrong.  This is almost constant.   However there is a young assistant management who is extremely professional and friendly.  He make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly. I believe his name is Matt or something that begins with a M.  (Young guy, brown hair, and awesome tattoos).      Many of my orders get messed up because SOME (not all) of the cashiers are busy talking to each other while my order is being taken.  I don't mind that but focus on the customers too.  The major complaint that I have with this location is when the high schools let out.  The tons of students from various of communities just hanging out, cussing or making a lot of noise.  They sit on the tables and often just sit at your table.  When Arby's and Wendy's use to be open next door, the management  of these establishments did not put up with this loitering or chaos..
Their tacos are alright but their groceries are kind of expensive. I've never seen a can of Goya brand beans priced at $1.50. I mean it seems like a little thing, but they couldn't have been more than $.89 a can in San Francisco, where everything else is totally unaffordable.
I think this should be more like 1.5 stars. I got a 6-pack of tamales. They were more expensive than I would've guessed (I sort of had to, considering they weren't priced). First I open the package and low-and-behold this bag of six tamales, in fact, contains only five! The filling is fine, but the masa blows. It is dry and gritty. The preparation instructions seem questionable (microwave in a plastic bag? Really?). I'm saving the remaining ones for when I'm too drunk to care about anything. The tortillas are still worth it.
I just moved to Pittsburgh from New Mexico and was excited to hear about this place. Unfortunately, it was not as good as I hoped. The cashier argued with my boyfriend over what kind of dried red chiles to buy, and harassed him when he was browsing the store (she yelled across the store: "Are you done yet? I already started ringing you up."). The house-made corn tortillas were bland and only with the help of a guy running a nearby taco stand (who did not work at Reyna's) did we find the right chiles... The cashier had no idea what we were asking for.  Then there was the Hatch green chile fiasco. Shortly after arriving here, I was searching for Hatch green chile in the area and found out Reyna's would be doing pre-orders. Hooray! I ordered and paid for some online. The website said they would be roasting at the store so I called to ask about it. I was told in a very rude manner that roasting would only happen at the pepper festival, which I would have to pay $7 per person to attend, just to get my chile and get it roasted. Okay, fine. The day before the festival I called the store to confirm that my actual pre-order would be available at the festival. I was mid-question when the clerk on the phone interrupted me: "What? ... Can you call back later, I'm really busy." WTF?  So I go to the festival to get my chile. The people at the roasting station seem confused when I present my pre-order receipt, but they eventually figure it out, telling me to come back later to get t because it isn't roasted yet. We walked around the festival for an hour then went back, and there is even more confusion over whether ours is ready. Finally they figure it out and give us the roasted chile. Hooray!  Oh wait though. We get home and open it up and... Apparently they don't know how to roast it correctly. We bought bulk roasted chiles in New Mexico every year and never had issues peeling it before freezing it. This chile they roasted? It's somehow completely mushy and falling apart, but has almost no visible char, and it's fucking impossible to remove the peel. It's horrible.   So tl;dr - rude employees, both in person and on the phone. Little product knowledge. And absolutely no knowledge of how to roast green chiles, despite having a whole event around the chiles. I won't be going back.
This has always been my 'go to' place to buy the most awesome, authentic flour tortillas.  I always  bought them fresh, still warm at times.  I have often served them at my  home and have sent many friends to shop there. Yesterday, I raved about how wonderful they were to a total stranger and we both bought 2 packages from 'the fridge up front'.  I was so so very disappointed and if the person I 'sold' them to reads YELP, I apologize. They were dry and stale.  Steaming them made them somewhat edible, but..... Which leads to my next review.... I was so excited when they opened their restaurant as they sell  such tasty tacos on the street.  I have been there 3 times.  First off, THE  BEST margarita!  Food ok but service......horrible!!  The most efficient wait staff appears to be a 10-12 year old boy who has made our guacamole and aims to please.  When we were there over the weekend, the waiter outside  could do nothing more than tell us how busy he was and how he had to take the steps with each order. He got our salsa order wrong so needless to say, we left.  This makes me sad to write this. Did they bite off more than  they can chew?
I've been here twice. The first time was at least two years ago and I can't remember anything in particular about it.  The second time, though, was tonight, Valentine's Day. A group  of friends and I chose this restaurant after the place we wanted to go was closed--for good. Roland's was it, then. It wasn't very crowded, so we were seated right away. The first thing that caught my attention was how the waitresses/waiters were dressed. They weren't dressed how I would have expected them to be. They were in jeans and baggy tshirts. But, our waitress was helpful, and our food came out pretty quickly. it wasn't a memorable meal or experience. I wanted a caesar salad with my dinner, but they were out of romaine lettuce (and it wasn't late in the evening--maybe 6:30pm at the latest). The bleu cheese dressing, though, tasted pretty good. I ordered a ravioli dish for my entree, but when I asked if I could get a different sauce, the waitress said it's already mixed together, meh. I'm not a fan of that. When my friends went to order their pasta dishes, they had a choice between penne and linguini, but the restaurant was out of penne, too.  Oh well, the prices aren't terrible, and the good came out pretty quickly, and hot. It's not the best restaurant, but it's not a stink hole, either.
My scallops were luke-warm yet overcooked.  The carrots on my salad looked like they had been sitting in the bottom of a fridge for weeks.   The first time I dined here, I was unimpressed with their lobster roll (which is simply a hollowed-out white roll filled with lobster.  bread and seafood, that's IT).  Today, I was unimpressed with everything.  Except the woman two tables over who laughed like cigar-smoking circus clown and looked like Patrick Swayze in drag.  That was pretty awesome.
If you're into mediocre over-priced sports bars with average food, slow service and cackling hyenas, this place is for you, hands-down.
I was immediately displeased by the snaggle toothed hostess and her surly demeanor. The air conditioning was non existent, which is a hangover nightmare. While waiting for a table the bartender ignored us for ten minutes and couldn't even transfer our drinks to the table. He also casually instructed me that one must pay per beer - duh! I'm not a beer drinking novice. The acne-ridden server was friendly enough, but seemed forlorn and was overtly sweating. Bringing drinks to a table isn't neuroscience and I don't drink tap water. After sitting at our table for a few minutes it was very apparent that the entire serving staff is haggard. Appetizer - crab artichoke dip. Bland. Where's the crab? Also, did a toddler arrange the plate? Apparently. Meal - fish tacos. Came quickly and surprisingly flavorful. However, our server never once checked on our status and we had to beckon him to fulfill our needs. I shouldn't have to ask for napkins at the point of need. No tip, never coming back.
It was raining and we were in the Strip district craving some seafood.  We decided to stop by Roland's Seafood Grill.  We were seated right away close to the bar in front of the big screen projector where the US open was playing.  Our orders were taken right away then we waited for 30 minutes before our meals came out.  We were glad for the US Open entertainment.  My dad order the clam chowder soup, which was chunky and bare of any clams.  My mom and I shared a couple of appetizers, the calamari was great but the crab cake was just ok and a bit salty.  Service gets 2 stars and Food gets 3 stars.  Overall, this place gets a 2.5 stars.  If you are caught in the rain and do not have any other choices in the strip area, stop by.  I would recommend scoping out the other restaurants in the area.
We went for dinner on a Sunday night.  It was quite loud, and on the evening of a Steeler's game, but we hadnt anticipated a loud crowd at 5pm.  Then again, we were in Pittsburgh, so it's a given.  The waitress was slow getting around to us.  We felt like an inconvenience rather than a patron. The kids each ordered a pizza and they said it was awesome. I ordered the lobster roll and maybe my expectations were too high given the reviews, but I was disappointed.  My husband ordered the swordfish and he was unimpressed.  I won't be back.
Extremely Slow Service!   We have eaten here many times and, while the fish sandwich is great, the staff and management have yet to figure out how to manage the tables. This establishment can become quite busy and, if you don't aggressively pursue service, you are likely to wait 20 minute or more just to get a menu.  This is particularly true if you are sitting in one of the outside areas.
We headed to the strip district to soak in the atmosphere like any good tourist should do.  Unfortunately we love to sleep and showed up a little late and by the time we were ready to eat (around 4pm) our list of recommended places to try were already closed for the day.   Roland's was open though. As an added bonus they were showing the Steeler's game and there is nothing that Pittsburgh loves more than supporting the Steeler's and Penguin's. The atmosphere was great with everyone dressed in black and yellow and really into the game.  We ordered wedding soup (pretty delicious) and Portobello Mushroom Pizza. Maybe our mistake was not ordering seafood, anyway the caramelized onions on it were actually cooked in sugar (eww) and the sauce itself was just as sweet. It felt like we were eating candy.  As for the staff, Pittsburgh in general has some of the friendliest people I've come across in a long time. The staff here may not have been quite as friendly as we had come to expect from the rest of this lovely city but they were just fine.
As others have said, nice location and sitting on the patio is nice in the warm sunny months, but the food is not anything special.  Fried seafood, decent lobster roll, other non-impressive dishes.  good for a few drinks and a quick bite if in the area.
Well I have had several meals over the years at Rolands, many of which were good.  Yesterday was not one of those days.  After being seated, it took nearly 10 minutes for a server to greet us and take a drink order.  I was of course rewarded with the wrong beer.  Then we order and when the food arrived, the fries were cold and the fish sandwich was rather greasy.  I wake up today only to be 'sick' from the whole ordeal.  My mother, who had the same food as I did, is feeling the same as me.  Get your act together Rolands, you are better than this.
There were 3 of us on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Surprisingly Roland's was 3/4 full. With 3 waitresses. They were RUNNING to fill orders.  The fish was hot and crispy. It was fried but it was good. The French fries with it tasted as if they were fried in the same grease or an oil that should've been changed several days ago.  The Mussels were OK.  But the Clams Casino were inedible. The clams were served raw with a burnt bread crumb topping. The crab cakes were also bad. Both went back.  The waitress never asked if we wanted something else or if the rest of the meals were fine.  The New England Clam Chowder was good but overpowered by the smoky bacon that was added to the soup.  No, we won't go back..the food was lackluster(better fix at Wholleys) and the service was terrible. It took 20 minutes to get someone to take the bill.
Poor service. Monday evening. restaurant not busy. Took 15 minutes before someone came to take our drink order. Ordered a draft and a glass of wine and proceeded to order a lobster roll and steamed mussels. Took another 10 minutes to get the drinks. The lobster roll then showed up and we had finished and the plate was then cleared for the table. We had then been in the restaurant for an hour and we asked for the bill. The waitress then proceeded to say the mussels were ready. We canceled the order and the bill came with a quick huff and sign the top copy please request as she quickly turned away. Not worth wasting your time.
Went on a Wednesday night, not crowded at all. Had to get up and go find someone to wait on our table....overheard who was supposed to be our server telling the hostess she didn't wait on us because she didn't want another table. The food was good, lobster roll and fish sandwiches were great. Service was just awful.
Lobster roll was awesome.  There was a Moosehead beer cap in our fries and the waitress' response was, "That must be from the beer batter.  I will give them hell."   I wasn't looking for a free meal but an apology from someone would have been appropriate.
Prime time location, and they know it.  Yet another older guard restaurant that realizes it has people roped in before they know it.  The place looks nice and is possibly the best location during the summer especially in the city.  I have always steered clear of Roland's because of an assumption.  But....the wife and her friend wanted a "lobster roll" so I was roped into going.  I opted to just drink a draught.  They got one of their famous lobster rolls and immediately were underwhelmed.  The sandwich was dwarfed by a mountain of handcut fries (the best part).  It also came with a limp pickle speer and a small condiment cup of coleslaw?!  The roll itself was lobster, but was fishy tasting and had no sauce?!  There was maybe 3ozs of fishy lobster on the roll.....Pathetic. Service was decent and my draught and few fries got this place the extra star it deserves.  Go to Wholey!!!!
I've lived in Pittsburgh for what feels like forever and in all of that time, I guess I've never been to the Strip District on a Monday. We didn't realize most of the restaurants are closed on Mondays. Tried Thin Man, closed. Luke Wholey's, closed. We read some less than appealing outdoor menus of a few spots and settled on Roland's Seafood Grill for lunch because they were open and had a sign out front raving about their signature warm Lobster Rolls for $14.99. Ok, we were game.  We've driven hours off the beaten path in Maine for amazing Lobster Rolls at Red's Eats, which sets the standard for what all lobster rolls should be. Massive amounts of fresh lobster piled on top of the bun and drawn butter to dip the excess mound of lobster in is a mouth watering delight!   That couldn't be farther from what you get served at Roland's. The bun was Mancini's, so good start. The lobster was an odd orange color that's not what fresh lobster looks like at all. Nothing was heaped over the bun at all, but honestly after tasting it that part was ok. Combination of a few fresher tasting pieces, some rubbery pieces, and some dry pieces that literally could have been any fish. I skipped the fries, which didn't look all that great on hubby's plate and there was the tiniest container of coleslaw ever as a side that was actually pretty good. Considering I skipped the fries, shouldn't the server have asked if I wanted extra coleslaw knowing it was going to be minuscule?   The upstairs patio was really nice overlooking Penn Ave. and I hear they have a decent happy hour with terrific specials on fresh oysters and beer at the bar. I may give this place another shot based on that but, never again on their lobster roll.
I use to love Rolands. However, the last few times we have been there it has been terrible.  While the food remains okay, the service leaves something to be desired.  Our waitress took longer than 15 minutes to come over and get our drink order; we had to get the hostess to find her.  She did not come back to the table for more than 20 minutes at a time.  The waitress was rude and less than helpful.  Our 1 drink and lunch took over two hours to complete.  Good thing they still have a good bloody mary.
Let's see.... Rolands can be fun to go to for happy hour after work on Friday.  Heck they used to have these two bartenders that if you were a good looking girl at least one would give you a beer or two but making up the difference by overcharging or flat out giving incorrect change back to some male patrons.  Anyhow, they have a somewhat unique upstairs and in the summer they have the balcony that you can sit out on.  One summer night it began to storm and one of their umbrellas flew off the base and cracked me in the head.  I though I was going to pass out, but the bartender just came out gathered the pieces and put them back together folding the umbrella down.  Yea no reason to apologize I just could have been decapitated.  \ Now onto the food.....uh  well....my best suggestion is, if you are on a timed lunch or have limited time for dinner, PICK SOMEWHERE ELSE!  you will only get frustrated with the SLOW AS HELL service.  Suggestions, hmm not entirely sure since nothing I ate here impressed me much.  The lobster roll, I am certain wasn't "real" lobster and was very rubbery, and dry.  Way too much bun to lobster type meat, and overpriced for a sandwich, $15.00 I think.  Next we got the oysters.  6  were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered 5.  But good luck finding the waitress, she showed up 3x's in the hour and half that we were there for dinner.  Not because it took us an hour and half to eat but 15 minutes to get waited on.  15 more minutes for drinks, and to order.  45 minutes for food to come, and I think you get the picture... I wouldn't eat here again, there are many other places to choose from.  Lastly I ordered a draft beer it was warm, told the waiter who got me a bottle but still charged me for both... NICE...
Overall, my experience was okay. We sat at the bar and our bartender was very friendly and helpful. We got the scallop appetizer and it was TO DIE FOR! I will 100% go back for that! That being said, it was downhill from there. We got the lobster roll and lobster ravioli...and both were "ehhh." The lobster roll had a ton of lobster on it (yeah!) but there wasn't any other seasoning or any type of dressing to tie it all together. The lobster  ravioli was the biggest disappointment because it had absolutely NO flavor....I had to grab the salt shaker and even then it barely had a taste. I can't even comment on the lobster inside of the ravioli because the whole thing just tasted like nothing.  I'll go back for the scallops, but wouldn't recommend anything else.
We (3 in our party) stopped in to Roland's while in the lively and interesting Strip District. We placed our drink and food selections with the waitress. She brought our soups, which luckily had spoons in the huge bowls. All were absolutely delicious. The lobster bisque actually had lots of pieces of lobster and the onion soup rich, beefy taste with lots of onions. The clam chowder had tons of clams and the portion was large enough for a meal!!! Our shrimp appetizers ...fried shrimp and shrimp cooked in a beer broth were excellent. Unfortunately our server had no clue how to actually serve people in a restaurant...we had to ask 3 times for napkins and when they were finally brought to the table, she acted as if she was doing us a Big Favor. Then after our food was brought to the table and we asked multiple times for eating utensils. The first time we asked her we were polite, then asked another server, then when we asked at the hostess stand we were told "oh we told your waitress to bring them". When she finally brought them to our table she said "if you had asked nicely I would have brought them sooner". Can you believe that!!! The floor manager came over and while he apologized, also made excuses for her confrontational behavior.  5 stars for food and food prep, 0 stars for rude service or lack of service.
I have been to Rolands a few times and have not experienced any of the problems others are saying they have, however, I'm only giving 2 stars because you're in the strip-you can do better than Rolands! I was most recently at Rolands during the steeler season last year. I ordered the crab chowder which I have had every time I have been there and each time it has been excellent. On this most recent visit I ordered the raspberry maple scallop appetizer as my meal. It was a large portion;I could not finish it and my fellow diners were too stuffed to help me. One member of my group ordered the seafood pizza and crushed it-said it was so tasty. My other fellow diner order the stuffed banana pepper app and also said it was good. They have a wide draft selection and if you get there early enough you can grab a seat near the tvs. The bar is usually too crowded to grab a seat at but our service at our table was attentive and quick. On a previous visit, I split a margarita pizza and it was good too so there is a variety of entrees/apps etc to choose from to please any palate.
Poor excuse for seafood!   The place is overrated.  Good place to have drinks on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon-but that's about it.  The employees are anything but friendly. Unless you sit at the bar, the service is poor. Isn't even that great at the bar.  If you want good seafood, go a couple blocks up the street to Luke Wholeys.  So much better quality!  This place is definitely not for those with sophisticated palates!
I liked the bar.   The food not at all. First time here, wife and I sat at the bar and people watched over some WELL POURED drinks.   Strong point.  Then we screwed up and ordered food.   I got their infamous lobster roll.  Glad I had a drink.  Overcooked and dry, dry, dry. I thought lobster roll was generally made with a lobster salad-like mix.  This lobster was dry and chewy.  Lots of it, though  I guess that accounts for the high price.   I went down to Wholeys and got a much tastier one for 5 bucks.  And wife's nachos were just a big pile of chips with some toppings thrown on the top.  Then the other day,  we went back and I tried pizza.  Yuck.  The toppings were terrible (pepperoni, sausage.  how can youscrew that up, but they did.)  Two slices and boxed it up so as not to hurt the waitress' feelings.  But it went into the trashcan down the street.  Go for the hootch and not the food!!
Went there Saturday November29, 2014. Entered establishment at 5:30 pm. PROS.....Very good clam chowder...biggest bowl of it I've ever been served. Sandwiches... 2 lobster rolls and 1 fish sandwich.....Both very good, although the fish was slightly overcooked. Again...huge portions.   CONS...After being at table since 5:30, nothing but our empty pop glasses were in front if us. After being told said clam chowder was being freshly cooked, 15 minutes later it was served. As good as it was, it certainly wasn't hot enough to claim it just came out if the pot. Our sandwiches finally came out after other tables around who had ordered well after us received our orders. They may also want to schedule a couple more servers on a Saturday night. The best though was the incompetent hostess. The hostess with the leastest. Talk about someone who didn't have a clue. From screwing up where we were supposed to sit, to watching her continue to do the same thing with others, at least it gave us something to talk about while we waited. What a twit.
Usually I really like this place.  Stopped in after not eating all day, and ordered the "famous" lobster roll.  It took 40  minutes to receive a medium piece of lobster claw on thick Mancino toast.  THATS IT!  Oh and less than stellar fries, with a cup of cole slaw.  I waited with an empty pint glass several times as well...I guess you can't get it right every time.
After reading reviews I was afraid of what kind of service we would encounter.   The bartender was lovely and attentive. He offered drinks promptly and kept an eye on our needs. The Bloody Mary was fun and showy with 3 Green Olives, a lemon, a lime and a huge celery stalk and had a light Old Bay flavor, which was a nice touch.  We ordered the Lobster Nachos ($15), which were delivered to us piping hot and in less than 10 minutes. While it was a large serving of nachos for 2 people, the portion of lobster was paltry. They tasted fine but I would have expected more lobster for the price.   I wouldn't order food here, again.  Still, nice, fast service with a smile and a fun open space. Very conducive to lively conversation and easy people watching.
Here's a little story...  The first time I ate here was with 3 friends right after the Pens won the Stanley cup this last time. All of us got violently ill despite eating different things.  The bathrooms were atrocious. There was toilet paper everywhere. There were some bugs in the ladies room.  This was mid-day and NOT the southside so I found it a bit surprising.  The last few times I've eaten here have been in the last 2 years and everytime I find the food and environment to be mediocre.  It's never horrible. Hasn't made me sick, again.  It's just sub par.  My s.o. likes the lobster roll here and says it's great.  I don't eat seafood often so I wouldn't know. I've had the white pizza with basil and it was pretty good.  Good cheese to crust ratio for sure. I wouldn't say not to go here, but if you're looking to get something delicious and exciting I'd suggest finding something else in the strip.
Stopped in to get a bite to eat and some drinks before seeing a show earlier in the week on a Thursday. It wasn't very crowded and we were immediately greeted and seated. Service was okay not the greatest but not the worst either. Waitress came off as kind of nonchalant, but she checked on us throughout our meal and according to other reviews doesn't look like they even got that. Kitchen staff was slow in execution especially for not having a big crowd.   I wasn't in the mood for seafood so I opted to try other things on their menu   LOBSTER BISQUE --  Huge portion. I didn't expect to get as much in the bowl as I actually got. Although shallow, the bowl is large and you get a pretty decent serving in it. Despite the size, the flavor was lacking as well as texture. I've had some pretty delicious basques before and think it could be improved with a pinch of salt and corn for texture. It's missing something.   GARLIC PARM WINGS --  Got an order of wings and they were good. Not an over powering flavor of garlic and not super duper oily. They used real garlic and it was served with it - minced. The wings were deep fried to a nice crispness so it added a little crunch which I liked. Served with common celery and your choice of rand and blue cheese. Not bad.   MARGHERITA PIZZA -- Looks better than it tastes. This can be easily split between two people - not a single server. The pizza is cooked in a wood fired oven and made very thin so it gets a nice crispy crunch. The crust was actually very good. It has a good texture to it and the lightly char taste you get from wood burning ovens was nice. I typically don't like that taste. Though I enjoyed the crust and what not - there was like no cheese on the pizza so it was way too saucy and lack-lustrous. Not what I would have expected so I was quite disappointed
I've been here before but last night will probably be the last time I ever have any type of desire to eat their food. My boyfriend and I were meeting my parents for dinner and everywhere we tried was booked for reservation only on Pitts graduation weekend. We ended up and Roland's and were seated within 5 minutes.  Our waitress was a combination of ditzy, snobby and bored. She was awkward and uncomfortable every time she came to the table. She is not a good candidate to be in the service industry, in my opinion.   We ordered the lobster roll sliders to start. There were 4 of us and they brought out three. No big deal- mom and I will split one....but the waitress only brought three plates. I ordered the Maryland crab soup (specified first) and hot lobster Caesar salad. My salad came out shortly after the appetizer sliders. I sat for 15 minutes without touching the salad as to wait for the rest of everyone to get their food. Finally it was delivered. My dad and boyfriend had the seafood stew which they said was good and my mom had the pasta di mare (she said it was just ok. Lacking flavor) and a salad (which she was never given and didn't realize until after we left).  No soup for me apparently. I requested the waitress please bring it out. She was unapologetic.   When I finally got to dive into my hot lobster (now cold lobster) caesar, I realized it was just lettuce, a little cheese and the lobster. At this point I was so irritated with everything I didn't even care - nor was I surprised at the quality of my dish given everything leading up to it.  The lobster was good and there was a good bit of it plus the Caesar dressing which I always like. The Maryland crab soup tasted like chunky tomato marinara sauce and I gave it to my boyfriend to go home and use on his own homemade seafood pasta dish. My mom was disgusted by the clams in her dish and it was suggested that they were probably frozen.   Do yourself a favor and go down the street to luke wholeys Alaskan grill where you get much better quality seafood for the same price. After I had been there; I feel totally ripped off by Roland's. No bueno.
Tried it out on a workday afternoon, and wasn't disappointed. Came in again another day, and holy crap, these people move at the speed of snails on LSD. Unless your are here for a beer, forget about it.
My meet up group wanted to eat dinner here and I was really not sure I wanted to go but changed my mind.  Our group was seated in the main dining area across from a giant screen TV. Our leader asked if we could be seated elsewhere so that we could chat with one another. It was after 5 and the hostess said we could go to another room but we had to be out of there by 6:30. Everyone agreed.  The waitress came and took drink orders first.  When she went to serve us she spilled a beverage right over the table narrowly missing me but hit someone sitting diagonal to me  I thought this was a normal mishap and the area was cleaned up properly.  I was very hesitant about what I wanted to order and decided upon a vegetable salad. Our leader normally treats us to an appetizer and in this case it was chicken nachos. I tried one but could  not taste the chicken but otherwise it tasted okay.  Later when our waitress began serving our main courses I noticed she was spilling sauces on the floor before being placed in front of the guest. I was grateful I ordered a salad. It was nothing out of the ordinary but you could get this same salad anywhere. The person next to me ordered the beer battered giant fish sandwich. He offered me a piece to try and when I bit into it all I could taste was the beer batter. No fish. Enough said.  I was done with my meal and noticed it was 6:20 so I told the group it was time to get up and go so they could have this table.  This is certainly not a place I will go to on my own. There are much better establishments in the area.
I ate here one night after going to Pittsburgh Winery and Maggie's Farm Rum because I, you know, needed some food. I'd never been in Roland's before, but a friend insisted that we go there because it is less expensive than Luke Wholey's. We sat at the bar. The service was fine although we had to ask for food menus. Maybe the bartender figured that if we wanted food we would have gotten a table.  I got the lobster roll and was really disappointed. It looked good and was on a huge hunk of Mancini's bread cut about ninety percent of the way through to make a roll, but the lobster itself was tough, rubbery, and overcooked. All I could taste was the garlic butter. Granted I'm a little spoiled because I once lived in New England, but a seafood restaurant should know how to cook lobster so that it isn't flavorless and chewy. You do get a good amount of food for your sixteen dollars as it comes with hand cut fries and cole slaw, but I'd rather spend the extra money elsewhere if the food quality is better.
Bring some Mrs. Dash.  Friday night. The front of house staff was relaxed. The service was a touch blasé, which normally I find endearing, but it was more Judy Funnie than April Ludgate. The food was bland at best.  We got seated within the estimated wait time, which is always nice. Alas, the bisque tasted like wheat paste. The water was pretty good though.  I may have mentioned this already, but the food didn't actually taste like anything. I had high hopes for my lobster pizza, and then it tasted like nothing. On wet cardboard. Maybe I just ate the box?  If you hate zest, pep, pizazz, and bees knees, then this place is your jam. Else, you will find better value and experience elsewhere.
I'm really not wanting to hate this place because I like the atmosphere but this just isn't good. Bad service, horrible Bloody Mary's (maybe the worst), the beers were warm, and we only got to the appetizers (Chicken nachos) before deciding to leave. The four of us were afraid to order anything else. This place was recommended to us by my sister in law. I've always though she was a little nuts and this proved it.
well all I can say not so good. To start our server very friendly but winey I don't care who didn't show up to prep or that the manager had to take tables.  we ordered two ice teas the lobster roll and the filet sandwich each came with fries and slaw.  Well I went to get sugar out of the sugar caddy to find a blood stained band aid stuffed in it, that should have signaled me to leave, but I didn't. we each got our sandwich the fresh cut fries were so cold and hard they had been sitting for awhile. the filet sandwich was good but my lobster roll was so fishey and the bread was saturated with butter it was dripping. Then halfway through lunching one of the umbrellas from the upper roof top deck blew off into the street. it was almost impossible to pay we had to go inside and hunt down the server, the sink in the ladies room was missing the hot water handle. Overall pretty crappy considering I had this lobster roll about three years ago and it was fantastic
Came here and got the lobster nachos as an appetizer and we're waiting for our pizza, drinking until we got it... Oh yeah we never did.  After an hour and half...   Lobster nachos were unreal - service was absolutely horrible because if you tell a waiter something and the say "sure thing" there's no guarantee you sill get.
The service was great. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. The food, however, was disappointing. The calamari was actually really nice, light and not super greasy, but the Cajun shrimp were tiny and underwhelming. With six very small pieces bathing in oil and a side of flavorless mango salsa, I would not recommend this appetizer at all. I got the shrimp scampi entree, which comes with the vegetable of the day, salad and potatoes. The potatoes and salad were good, but the corn was very small and brown. It looked like it went bad and they cooked it anyway. Then I tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway. That, for me, ruined my whole meal. No amount of butter and salt could save that corn. My bf got the steak with battered shrimp. He enjoyed his meal but didn't want the potatoes and corn. They wouldn't substitute with anything except salad so basically it was $30 for a piece of steak and a few pieces of shrimp. For seafood, in general, the prices were not bad, but I rather pay more and have a better quality meal.
Fun sports bar. Food was ok at best. Great shrimp cocktail but I wish I had my fish sandwich across the street. Go stillers.
I ended up eating here out of hunger and exhaustion during my weekend in pittsburgh last week. We mentioned to the server we were not from here and unsure what we wanted and he offered no help, just walked away but kept coming back to the table every few minutes saying, "so, what can i get you?". We decided on things and order. Worst service i've had in a long time, rude and he didn't really care to help us at all. We ended up getting the lobster ravioli and a wood fired pizza and both were average at best. For a $30 meal each, not great. Really the service is what did it for me. I will remember to never return while i'm in pittsburgh.   Another thing was that we were sitting in basically a sports bar spending$30 on ravioli. Horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts.
It's OK to come here for beer and snacks, but avoid anything more complicated than a serving of mussels or the Lobster Roll.   The mussels are fresh and they really do give you a whole lot, but there's not too much broth (The best part of ordering mussels is usually sopping up the broth with bread). The lobster roll has plenty of lobster, it's fresh and tasty, but the roll itself is a bit greasy. It didn't bother me that much, but some people seem to be put off by it.    My wife ordered the "stuffed shrimp platter," which I put in quotes because the "platter" consists of 5 medium/small overcooked rubbery shrimp and some unseasoned overcooked veggies. They charge like $23 for this, which is a complete ripoff.   The service is spotty, and sometimes people feel the need to smoke standing right next to you if you are seated outside, which is really enjoyable (bleh).
We arrived around 4:30 on a Wednesday before the Jason Isbell show at the Benedum, and it seemed like they were just opening. Only a couple of other couples there and a guy at the bar. No host and the bartender asked if we were going to eat. Sure man, it's a restaurant, right? Go figure... We were told to just sit anywhere and someone would be right with us. After  about 15 minutes no one came to our table so I started to get up and go to the bar for a menu, but a server saw me getting up and came over. Asked our server for a beer menu and was told they didn't have any. Really? My girlfriend looked around and found one lying on another table. Strike two. Ordered the lobster Mac n cheese as an appetizer. DEFINITELY not enough for two people to split, even as an appetizer, which was ok with us because we both thought it was pretty bland and should have just been called "Mac n cheese" because Sherlock Holmes would have had a tough time finding lobster in there. For dinner I ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes. I think it was $23 or something like that which was INSANE for what I got, which was 8 single-bite sized, overcooked and completely flavorless pieces and a small mound of cold potatoes. Extremely disappointed in this dish. The other half got the prosciutto and arugula pizza. When it came to the table, completely topped with raw arugula about an inch deep, I was skeptical and didn't even try it until we got home later that night. I was wrong about this one and the pizza was delicious and on point. After my first round I did sit beerless  for about 15 minutes before one of our two servers came by to see if I wanted another (I did), but other than that they were fairly attentive, even though they both gave us a vibe that they were somehow annoyed that we were there. Our total bill for dinner, appetizer and 4 draft beers came to just over $80, which was way too steep considering the quality of food and service. Maybe we'd go back to grab a drink at the bar, but for food there are much better choices in the strip district.
I had an ok experience at Roland's on a Sunday afternoon a few weeks ago...honestly nothing to write home about.    Lobster roll: the servings were really big and very different from the lobster rolls I've had in the past...the bread was really thick and kind of greasy (which wasn't bad, but it was almost too much with the lobster sandwiched between it)    Drinks: mid-day mimosas with one of my best friends were a positive touch Service: decent  Atmosphere: meh, nothing special
I took my 14 year old daughter to dinner at 6pm at Roland's prior to the Penguins playoff game yesterday. They gave us table seating near the bar and a waitress was excellent. They have a nice selection of beers and we both really enjoyed the food. So why just a "2 star" rating? There was a rowdy group of eight partiers at the adjacent bar that were clearly very drunk and screaming (and cursing) the entire time. I was very concerned because the bartender kept providing them with more booze, even after one of the patrons fell off of her bar stool twice! When they were finally ready to leave, the drunkest man in the group yelled to his friends that he'd go get the car.   This is bad news all around and shows a great deal of irresponsible behavior by the bartenders and management team. It made the dining experience terrible for the other couple dozen patrons near the bar and they allowed an obviously drunk person to leave the bar and drive a car. On top of that, my young daughter had to be exposed to this ridiculous behavior. Even our waitress was embarrassed by their behavior and apologized for it, but the bartenders did nothing. Shame on you, Roland's!
Don't, just don't...the food leaves a lot to be desired. The steamed mussels arrived in a grey broth that looked like sewage water. The crab cakes were cold and overly salty. It was so loud in there, you had to scream across the table to talk. The saving grace was the friendly, professional waitress.
We took my dad to dinner here for his birthday. There were only 6 of us, and it was a Sunday evening - not too busy, but they seemed to be understaffed. We were able to be seated immediately, which was nice. All of the staff was very friendly. Those are about the only positive things I can say about our experience.   We all ordered appetizers. When the waitress brought them out she admitted that she had forgotten to put my dads order of stuffed mushrooms in. Actually, she didn't even remember what he had ordered so we had to tell her again.   My appetizer was Cajun shrimp, which was WAY over seasoned. I couldn't even see the shrimp underneath the thick crust of Cajun seasoning. It was at least 1/4" thick, and had to be scraped off. But there was so much that I couldn't even taste the shrimp at that point, only crusty dry chunks of seasoning.   My sister ordered oysters. She said they were not shucked/cleaned correctly, so there was grit in her oysters.   My dads stuffed mushrooms finally arrived well after salads. They didn't discount them or take them off the bill or anything, which I find annoying since the waitress admitted she completely forgot them and they arrived about 30 minutes after they were ordered.   As for our meals, it was a series of mediocrity and mistakes. My steak, which was ordered medium, was served well, as was my fathers. I chose to send mine back, which meant I got my steak after everyone had already finished their meals. My lobster tail was chewy and the "stuffing" in it was not very good. My father said his scampi was "okay".  My sister ordered the Pasta Di Mare - which she said was basically pasta covered in olive oil, which was largely bland and unseasoned, instead of a wine sauce.   My other sister had the crab cakes, which she said were bland and dry.  My brother in law had the lobster roll, which seemed to be the winner of the night. He said it was decent. Not great, but decent.   My sisters fiancé ordered the seafood stew and he described the sauce as "milk, with old bay seasoning in it." He said it was "gross".   The mashed potatoes were great, everyone agreed on that.   I did see my sister pull a hair out of her salad dressing.   I also had a big ol fly land, twitching, right by my plate as I was moving my steak. I could have sworn it popped out from under the wilted piece of lettuce that my steak was served on...but my sister said she didn't think so. She killed it with a napkin since it seemed it was in the throes of death already.   The bathrooms were disgusting.   This is probably the worst review of a restaurant I've ever written. I feel bad because our waitress was really nice... But this place was just awful. I probably should give it one star, but I felt like the waitress was really trying her hardest to give us a good experience. I feel worse because now we need to take my dad out to another dinner to make up for this - he is not a complainer but I could tell he was disappointed.   We will not go back and will not recommend Roland's.
I knew it was going to be a fail as I watched the 'Barista' slopping together a latte for the customer in front of me.  I ordered a coffee of the day instead--meh, I've had better.  My wife got a soy latte:  he dumped the milk in, without technique, and over-heated the milk.  It was a watery, soppy mess.    We want Nicholas to be great--or now, better.  Train the staff!
I'd heard good reviews, so I stopped in last time I was downtown, but I'm not impressed by their coffee. Dark roasted, bitter, etc. If I'm looking for coffee downtown, I'd go find that 21st St. Coffee branch instead. Still, they sell a bunch of other neat snacks and stuff, and it beats a chain.
This is the place to come when you run out of your banana hazelnut flavored coffee.
That was not a real latte. It was fade, full of foam like a cappuccino, it's like they didn't know the difference between both of them.i was quite disapointed.
Myself and my company have been a customer for years. The aroma of the place and all of its little confections are quite welcoming indeed. One thing they've been failing at terribly is customer service and barista bar quality. It's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store. The girls working the counter treat you as a nuisance who is interrupting their time on their phones. It's gotten bad, but This past weekend I went in to order an espresso. The girl working barista was cold, rude and served me the worst excuse for an espresso that I have ever had in my life. She clearly has no clue, pride or care in coffee making.  I take the time to write a review hoping they will improve. It's embarrassing having tourists staying at the Fairmont, or anywhere else, walk to Market Square and expect a great coffee or espresso from a quaint little shop but instead receive rude treatment and terrible espresso. I hope they address the issue. We do buy at least 10lb of beans a month there, probably more.
This place is the ultimate two star. If you have a craving for a cheap gyro downtown at night in Pittsburgh, this is the place to go. Unfortunately, Mike & Tony's closes by 6pm. You won't get good service, you will get frozen french fries tossed in the deep fryer served in disappointingly small portions. You will have to scrounge around for a bottle of ketchup and hot sauce. However, the gyro meat is freshly cut off the spit, and the over-stuffed sandwich is a good deal at $4.30.   Overall, there aren't that many cheap places open at night downtown, so go here if you're stranded and can't stand the thought of another Sammy's corned beef sandwich. Otherwise, hold out for one of downtown's great lunch spots.
You get what you pay for. Cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal. When stepping into the restaurant the first thing I noticed were glass cases storing food. It had the feel of a cafeteria or at best a deli at a gas station convenient store. Not feeling adventurous I got the gyro meal, which is a good deal. The fries were cooked to perfection, but lacked flavor. I had to dump salt on them, which is never a good thing unless you as for unsalted fries. The gyro itself was mediocre. The ingredients inside were fresh and made to order, but I did have to use a knife and fork to eat it as the pita was just a bit too small of the large mass of the contents. The slice of chocolate cake, while a descent size, was rather tasteless. The icing was pretty good, but the cake itself had almost no flavor, perhaps freezer burn. It did seem as if the cake had been frozen. I also felt like the harried girl taking orders behind the counter was overworked. She apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables. I kind of felt bad for her.   Overall, I'd go here if I worked a block away and only had a half hour lunch break. Quick and cheap as a fast food joint, but not delicious enough as a dinner.
The food can be somewhat disappointing but will sometimes do in a pinch.  The service is quick and the prices are reasonable for Downtown.  They are open late hours, so sometimes that can be handy.  There are better places for Greek food, but Salonika's is often close by.
I was running out of time today at lunch and needed somewhere to grab lunch. On a positive note, i seen the Google street view car downtown :)  Anyways, my gyro just wasnt that good. It seemed smaller than any other gyro in town, the fries were just frozen potatoes with no flavor and it just wasn't a very awesome experience.  Also, almost $9 for a small gyro, frozen fries & a small drink is not a "deal". M&Ts is $7.50- same fries of course  but a large, delicious gyro.  I dunno, I've heard great things about this place but i'll stick with my regular oll Zorba's for downtown or M&Ts afterhours.
I'm being generous since I didn't actually eat here. My dad and I walked in around 7 pm on a Friday night. The place was pretty busy. The dining room was about half full. The other half of the tables were covered in dirty dishes. A large party of people were gathered in the middle standing around and shouting loudly. People just seemed to be standing around this whole place for no reason. We told the lady at the counter we hadn't been here before and asked her what to do. She said order your food. She said it pretty rudely, and we still weren't exactly sure what to do. We decided we didn't want to eat at a place with lousy service, filthy tables, and unruly patrons and walked out.
This is an odd little CVS. However, it's close to my workplace, and a convenient place to shop if I want a mid-day snack or beverage.
Just got a small, pre-made chicken salad sandwich and a cup of chicken chili from the Fifth Avenue store, and paid over $9. You can get much better quality and value elsewhere in Pittsburgh.
In one day,this place went from my fav everyday go-to,to somewhere I'd rather not go again. I have been getting the same thing every day, a toasted bagel with butter and creme cheese. For some reason,I was given a raw,stale bagel with margarine (which I hate). I feel like after like 3 weeks of daily visits, and me always getting the same thing,a toasted bagel with butter shouldn't be difficult. I was really hungry too! This happened once before,but I let it go. Nobody does things perfectly every day. After yesterday though,I'm gonna go to the Crazy Mocha next door for awhile.
This place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising. Some of the food was good and others were sub-par.  Two of us ate the gyro platter which comes with:  hummus (watery)  pita (store bought)  gyro meat (I've never had gyro meat like this before, it was ultra thin and had a rubbery texture - also the portion was so small)  Greek salad (iceberg with sparse toppings and too much dressing)  grape leaves (vegetarian but quite good)  and rice (actually this was the tastiest thing on the platter - it had a nice lemon and chicken broth flavor).   Overall the food was hit or miss. The most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat. My companion had the salmon and said it was unremarkable. I think diners come for the cake which was eaten by almost every person in the joint.   I also have to agree with some of the other reviewers, this place is disgustingly dirty. All patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross. The kitchen was not clean and our waiter had food on his hands when he served us.   Even homemade wine and honey soaked cake won't bring me back again.
Light Up Night.  Food has good flavor but doesn't look so hot.  If I hear about the Jackie O desert one more time I'm gonna barf.
This can be summed up as follows: For Greek food, go to Salonika directly across the street.  This place is below par in just about every way. The prices are not high, but the servers seem more like salesmen in pressuring you to add dessert, etc. (At lunch?). I haven't been impressed by the food after numerous tries, and the atmosphere is dated and dingy.  I would much rather go across the street at a place with no pretensions (counter service) and pay for honest food that I can see being prepared.
This is the first time in a long while (10 yrs?) and now I remember why. The food is fair at best for the main meal. The salad is good but small. The hummus is a little bland. The best parts were the "homemade" wine, both white and red, kinda like adult kool-aid  and the Jackie O cake was great. My issue was the price, $59. for dinner for 2. For this price, I would have expected more.I can't believe the 4 and 5 star reviews that I have read on this site. It's hard to believe that this place rates so many opposing reviews. I will never go back here again.
So our intentions were to eat at the Indian place across the street however a lady ran across the street and started rattling off the menu as we were walking. At first I liked her moxy, but soon realized that if this is how they need to bring in customers we may be in trouble. Another mistake was sitting outside when they are trying to bring people in. Our dinner conversation was constantly interrupted by the servers yelling across the street and on the side walk at potential customers.   Now on to the food:  I ordered the chicken kabob. Very bland and it actually tasted baked not grilled. I didn't finish it.  The rice was good and the side veggies weren't bad. The spinach pie was ok.   They will ask "would you like hummus to snack on before your meal". This is not free or included. I figured this so I wasn't caught off guard. Some people I could see will be surprised at the end when they get the bill.   My wife got the lamb kabob. Bland again and very chewy. It didn't taste fresh, almost frozen at one point and microwaved. The cheese pie was pretty bad.  Hummus was ok.   2 stars for the food 3 stars for service 1 star for the experience with yelling and fishing for customers. Seems like they may be in trouble financially and could be cutting corners to stay afloat.   I will not go again. Alihan's next door is amazing, I recommend them over Christo's every day.
Tasteless food. Too slow service. Was waiting for my check about 15 minutes. Dishes were as an ex-USSR buffet taste. Annoying waiter.
This place is something. By that, I mean interesting. We were fished into the restaurant by one of the employees. That's the thing about Christos, their employees stand outside with a menu pressuring people to come in. I'm not sure if this is working hard or just desperate. It could be that Christos is one of many Mediterranean restaurants on 6th Ave and they need to stand out somehow. My husband and I decided to give it a chance and the food was decent: flavorful, comforting and decently priced. He got the Chicken Kebab and I got the Souzoukakia and Spanakopita Combo. The decor seemed a little outdated too but I'm ok with that, it gives the place some charm. However, it was the attitude of the employees towards each other that just turned me off from this place. Our waitress kept saying how Christo, the owner, was rude and we should be happy we got her as our server. And the two of them seemed to fight for each customer that walked in. Whether they like each other or not, this really shouldn't be evident to customers.
Fettucini from a can, anyone?   If you like paying $10 for tasteless pasta and sauces, this is your place!  Stay away and never look back.
terrible... terrible terrible terrible... funny, the food there reminded me of the end of Goodfellas where the guy ordered pasta in a restaurant and got watery noodles and ketchup... yeah, not too far off the mark here.   let me back up a bit first.... My stepson and I were on our own for dinner so made sense to go out for the evening. So I picked this place knowing it was a kid friendly joint and not chili's or fuddruckers etc. The building itself is great. I loved the feeling of going into this renovated looking warehouse. He thought it was cool as well. The best part was inside. the decor is fantastic, and really the only reason to go. Loads of vintage signs and things and smack in the middle of the one dining room - a real vintage trolly car - completely renovated... of course I asked for us to be seated inside there... that was really neat.   Then the food came... I had spaghetti and Meatballs and a Caesar salad. Now, the salad was really flavorful and fresh. Normally I hate salads in places like this. the lettuce tastes old and rubbery... not in this case. it was excellent. The spaghetti on the other hand - wow, watery, slightly overcooked noodles and sauce I bet was straight out of a Hunt's Spaghetti sauce can. the meatballs were frozen and reheated - i hate that off taste frozen meat takes on. so the salad got an A and spaghetti was a bit loser.   My stepson ordered the Italian wedding soup - he loved it - I did not try it... he also got the same watery noodles with the mushroom red sauce. Those mushrooms must have come straight from a can. they were button and the one I tasted had that tinned flavor.... so essentially this restaurant depends completely on frozen, processed, canned ingredients rather than fresh and flavorful.   Bottom line... have kids with you? they will love it... just the adults? find something... anything else... it is going to disappoint.
Service is lacking and food is mediocre. When I crave Italian this is not the first place I think of.
Visited this place for the first time for a rehersal dinner. The decor is cool and varied and the place itself is quite large. There is free parking which is nice, but parking was hard to find on a Friday night. We had a semi-large party (about 15-20 of us) and it took us well over 30 minutes to get seated. Clearly they knew we were coming, so it shouldn't have been a surprised to them.  Once we were finally seated, it took 30 minutes from ordering our drinks (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic) to actually getting them to the table. We still hadn't even looked at a menu when the drinks finally did arrive. From there the service picked up slightly and we were presented with warm bread, garlic butter (decent) and salad. I dislike iceburg lettuce so this was meh. Given that we were a large party, obviously we were given a limited menu selection. I ordered "The Incredible 15 Layer Lasagna" and it certainly wasn't 15 layers, unless you count the loads of marinara on top as, say, 10 layers. My cousin ordered the same thing and ended up with a piece of chicken on his plate, don't ask me why. The lasagna was okay, but I've had better from a Stouffer's frozen meal.  Moving onto dessert, I ordered the tiramisu. Might as well just call it white cake with "espresso" drizzled on top. It was still slightly frozen too. No thanks.  From start to finish it took us over 3 hours to get our entire meal. Understandably, we weren't a small table of four so it will take longer, but it shouldn't have taken that long. Since we were there for a significant amount of time, we were able to observe what other's were eating/doing while we were waiting. Nearly everyone had enough leftover portions to take home and feed themselves at least once if not twice more. Good value as a customer, bad for a business who is trying to make money.  All in all, if you're looking for some good authentic Italian, I would recommend going elsewhere.
Disappointed. That one word sums up our group of 15's experience at the Spaghetti Warehouse. This restaurant has been a Pittsburgh institution for so long; however, it left many in our group unsatisfied and hungry at the end. My mom ordered the roasted garlic shrimp and her dish was dry and the shrimp were over cooked to the point of too chewy. I ordered the chopped salad "warehouse style" as my main entree and it was a big salad. Yet the veggies in the salad weren't fresh and the warm chicken was burnt and wilted the lettuce with its heat. I sent it back without eating it (at least the waitress was kind enough to take it off of our bill). My fiance got the lasagna and chicken parm off of the classic combo section of the menu and his chicken was ok but not great. The lasagna was good too. However, neither were great.  My aunt and father were unimpressed with their dishes as well but I'm not sure what they got so I can't speak to their food quality.  Also, it took us an hour after we ordered to receive our food and our food was cold. Granted, I understand we have a party of 15 BUT the restaurant was not packed by any stretch of the means. In fact the room we sat in had approximately 10 open tables. I can't speak to how filled the other rooms of the restaurant were though. But there should not have been a hour wait nor should we have gotten cold food as a result of it.   We have booked this restaurant for our rehearsal dinner for our wedding but, considering how poor the food was and how incredibly slow the service was (no fault of the waitress), we are looking to change our reservations to a different restaurant. We chose the Spaghetti Warehouse because it is close to the hotel where all of our guests for our wedding are staying. Given how slow the service was, we can't afford to be there til 10:30pm at night when we have to be up at 6am the next morning for a very long day. (Another reviewer said that their rehearsal dinner group took 3+ hours to get out of there).    Just my 2 cents.  I wish the food quality and service were better.  I'm glad we found it out now before the rehearsal dinner.
Why anyone would willing go here to eat is beyond me.  I had read prior yelp reviews and I knew what I was getting myself into.  To make a long story short, I went here because I was with several other people that wanted to go here and I really had no choice.  Anyway, I ordered the wild mushroom pasta with chicken. The sauce was really disgusting. I found myself eating only the pieces of chicken breast.  I brought this meal home because my husband isn't as picky as I am, but he took two bites and got mad at me for not warning him how aweful this meal was.  I will not be eating with this group of people again if they choose to go here again.
We went here recently right before a 2-day, 150-mile bike ride to carbo-load. The food was okay - probably what we should have expected for the low prices - but the service was horrible. It was not busy, but we could not get our waitresses attention despite multiple attempts. We needed a refill and asked for one when she took our dinner order, and reminded her when our dinner arrived. We were finally able to flag her down 10 minutes later to remind her again. It also took about 20 minutes to get the check after we had FINISHED our entrees. I am sure that not all of the servers are that bad, but I'm not sure I will be back to find out.
I walked in expecting a great experience. It has a great atmosphere. There was nothing wrong with our service, but the food was overpriced and pretty meh. I had the tiramisu which is one of my favorites to get and it was horrible. It tasted like it came out of a Walmart freezer on clearance. Won't be coming back anytime soon.
Whatever happened to this place?  Seriously.  I remember when you couldn't even get in the door.  Now I walk in and feel like walking right back out.  Overall, I've got no complaints about the food.  I think it's average and priced well.  The lasagna is top notch.  And having a private lot in the Strip District is nice.  I usually dine in but on my last two trips I was placing an order to go.  After the first time I should have learned my lesson and called ahead.  Never again.  The first time, I walked in and went to the bar area (as directed by the sign at the hostess station, not an actual person) to place my to go order.  But there was no one there.  It's funny, because waiters walk through the bar area and even use the bar to get drinks.  But it seems they don't like to actually wait on customers or even make eye contact.  After waiting way too long to even be acknowledged, my order was taken.  The waiter who ended up helping me, Andrae, apologized at least and was very nice.  I asked for two salads and he was happy to accomodate.  But then I waited again.  I'm not sure why my food took so long, but Andrae knew I had been waiting and threw in some extra bread.  Despite the wait, at least I felt like I Andrae took an interest in making sure I was taken care of and his apology was sincere.    Skip to the second time.  While I had bad memories of my last visit, I was hoping it was an isolated incident and gave Spaghetti Warehouse the benefit of the doubt.  Except....things were worst.  I start to wonder if there is ever an actual bartender.  But as I'm sitting at the bar, waiting once again for achknowledgement from an employee, there was not one but two managers conducting interviews in the bar area.  While this is happening, several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks.  Not one even looks in my direction, let alone ask if I need something.  I didn't want to be rude and interrupt the interviews being conducted, but after a good ten minutes of waiting, I went to the hostess stand at the entrance.  I waited a minute or two before one of the waitresses who previously ignored me came out.  I was a little salty with her, I'll admit.  I explained that I had been waiting at the bar as the sign says but no one was there to take my order.  She said she could take my order and again, I was directed to wait at the bar.  Back at the bar, their interviews over, I spoke up to one of the managers about how I had been ignored.  She apologized and said she thought someone had waited on me.  She then offered to take my order which I told her was unnecessary because I had placed it with a waitress at the hostess stand.  A few minutes later, the manager came up to tell me that she had deducted $10 from my bill and apologized again.  I wasn't expecting that, but at least it was an admission of their poor customer service.  However when I received my to-go bag, I only found one salad and one loaf of bread.  I guess what I'm trying to say is....beware when placing to-go orders.  It's probably best to call ahead.  The service here is hit or miss on a daily basis, but definitely beyond a miss when trying to get food to go.
You can't screw up pasta--it would be very hard.  Only Buca di Beppo has managed to do that, and they did it by drowning the pasta in salt and charging through the nose for it.  The food here is pretty darn good.  I love the bread they bring to your table and the atmosphere is very fun.  My problem is that the past four times I've been here, the service was awful.  Tonight our waiter brought our bread and salads before our drinks and this was only a huge problem bc I was dying of thirst.    Our waiter (Vincent) had 3 tables.  It was like he was trained not to bring our table anything unless hte other two tables needed something.  He would disappear for 20 minutes at a time (I'm not kidding).  I gave him my drink order and then he asked for our dinner order.  He came out with entrees for the one table, salads for the other, and bread for our table.  Why would you not just get our drinks?  You can come back to the table multiple times!!!  This has happened the past four times I dined here, and I'm just over the awful service.  Too bad I won't be back, bc I wanted to love this restaurant.  Good food, AWFUL service.  2 stars bc I love carbs so damn much.
It has been years sense we visited the spaghetti warehouse, my husband and I couldn't remember why we haven't been back. We had purchased a groupon for this place and decided to try it for an early dinner... Our first step in the restaurant and then it hit us on why we haven't returned.. The odd smell hits you at first step in the restaurant , you look around in the foyer and you see weird and dilapidated pictures, a candy stand that probably hasn't been used in years.. We get seated in a booth with one side ripped and the other side stained, our waitress was nice but that is far as she went. The food is mediocre at best, the bread and the endless salad was the saving grace of dinner... We wanted to enjoy this place and tried to have a good time, we would not recommend this place to anyone... There are plenty of other good restaurants in the strip and in lawrenceville..
Came here a year or so ago to meet some friends... overall not a good experience.  There were 4 of us and I don't think one plate was cleared or drinks refilled, it was a slow weeknight as well.  So yes that could have just been bad luck with the waitress, but food is sub-par and atmosphere is well. I suppose this is a good dining option in some situations, but there are so many other places in the area, and I guess this was just nothing to write home about for me.
Im soo surprised with the food that we ate. Im from California and was excited to experience this restaurant. Especially, since it is a local fav. I ordered the house made spaghetti expecting a fresh tomato base sauce. Unfortunately what I got tasted like a canned sauce with minced onions. It had no...flavor!  Now maybe I ruined the meal by ordering gluten free noodles....but I didnt think that would make it this bad. Im soo sorry because our server was awesome and they even accommodated our big party. On a good note, the bread was delicious. As much as I hate Olive Garden...I would preferred that.
Our terrible experience began with a 45 minute wait only to find half the tables empty and the table behind us being consoled by the manager after their own bad experience. We hopped this was a one off and not typical. Our waiter was prompt but very aloof, but we all have off days. The food was mostly bland and flavorless to the point we could not finish it.  This is where things took a turn for the worse, as our order was being boxed up it fell on the floor. Despite our insistence we did not want another the overcompensating manager brought it anyway. We passed it on to the party behind us, maybe they took it home and added some seasoning, it needs it. Avoid this place at all costs!
We went on a Saturday night. We were told it would be a 30 minute wait...but it was likely closer to 45-50 minutes.   The food is just average. Nothing special. Didn't seem handmade or anything like that. I thought they were known for their lasagna...so I got that. Blah...average.  Service was incredibly slow. I don't think the waiter checked on us once.  I probably wouldn't go back.  Visited October 2014
The service was nice. She was polite, and fixed the multitude of issues I had with the food. The salad was warm, the ravioli was cold, and the bread was harder than the croutons. The manager was also very kind, and made some adjustments to the check. I'd love to say that I'd  return to this establishment, but there's much room for improvement. Having worked in the service industry for some years, I try to give the benefit of the doubt, but in this case the service was the only pleasant part.
Went here after purchasing the Groupon. There was a little bit of a wait which is expected on Saturday night. We were seat at a table like we requested. We waited for 15 minutes before the waitress came over. She took our drink and food order at the same time. I ordered the broccoli and mushrooms and added a piece of salmon. My husband ordered the Trio. Our waitress. Abby, disappeared and we waited a long time for refills. When our food arrived, my salmon that was $5 more was burnt, I could only eat half of it. My husband said his Alfredo tasted like stuff you'd get out of a box. Needless to say, if we didn't have the Groupon, we'd never go. And we'll never be back.
Stuffed mushrooms were good. Baked ziti average. Salad boring iceburg with one tomato one onion and hard croutons. Blue cheese dressing didnt taste much like blu cheese. Dont like too soft pasta, al dente preferred. Bread average.
I know I'm a steak snob but I found this Mortons perfectly adequate. The service was just okay. We asked our waiter for a recommendation on a side dish and he not only forgot to bring it but also what we ordered!  And you think they were bottling it themselves when we asked for a second bottle of wine. The only saving grace was the chocolate mousse which was a little cup of whipped heaven.
I came here for my birthday dinner.  I was not impressed at all.  First off, we sat at the booth near where the host has his podium.  He seemed to be in a bad mood and made us feel uncomfortable.    I did like the nice touch of having my name printed on the menu and service by our waitress was good.  However, food wise, it was just OK and a bit disappointing.  I of course had filet, and I was just so underwhelmed with it.  The flavor was meh and the black truffle butter was surprisingly boring.    After this experience, I have no desire to ever come to this restaurant again.
Morton's, was without a doubt one of the original esteemed statehouse restaurants in America, often emulated by others.  Great they were, with superb steaks, outstanding service and old club style ambiance. This was always a top place for business and special occasion dining. Now it is not as much as it was for my money and taste based on a recent visit. They are taken over by a very large mega restaurant chain corporation. Landry's, who are owners of over 35 restaurants and chains many you would be familiar with now own Morton's too. Morton's no longer has a focus on their original identity, meaning and purpose but are being changed in a modernized way. On my last visit changes were visible. Some changes and cost cutting and commercializing has begun. The menu is changed to include items which will appeal to a broader clientele. Now profits and growth are a bigger part of the strategy.  Gone is the famous GM Bill. Bill was as much an institution as the restaurant he ran. Changed too seem to be the quality of the steaks. Our ribeyes were not a recognizable ribeye cut and the taste was not there as we remembered. One of three steaks came out drastically overcooked although the error was quickly remedied with a properly cooked replacement. I just hate to see the continuing commercialization of our esteemed restaurants in America.
This is definitely an old school hang out with a classic menu.   Although my steak was cooked perfectly,  I can't speak to the quality of the ingredients as they lacked natural flavour of meat and fish that I love.   My biggest gripe, though, would be the overcooked scallops.  If you are an adventure Eater or like common things cooked in uncommon ways, I would skip this one.
Wow, not so much.  I haven't been to a Morton's in years, but was happy to be going back for a business dinner.  I thought the service was exceptional, but the food was mediocre at best.  The filet that I ordered was cooked to perfection, a nice portion, and tender as can be -- but absolutely no taste.  Nothing.  Nothing discernible at all.  I can tell you that with all of the above and no taste, it was all for naught.  Unrelated and not the blame of the server, of course -- again, service was great -- one of my colleagues found a piece of hard plastic in his veal chop.  He thought the veal chop was great, but wasn't real excited about the plastic in his dish, which the server promptly removed from the bill.  I brought another colleague's salmon home with me and heated it up the next day.  Oddly enough, a beautiful piece of salmon -- absolutely NO flavor.  Very strange experience.  I doubt I'll ever return.  Coincidentally, the place was empty on a Thursday evening.
How this place got 4 stars when there are so many better options in Pittsburgh is beyond me.  The only thing that was noteworthy about the experience here was the price. The food was bland. Nothing to write home about. The place looks uppity, but really the food is just ok. Go to Ruth's Chris instead.
I'd have to say I was pretty disappointed with my overall experience.   My boyfriend and I attended Morton's this evening to take advantage of restaurant week. I'm not sure if restaurant week had something to do with the sub par food. If so, its a shame because you would think the restaurant would want to feature their bests.   We both ordered the Morton salad with egg, anchovies, and blue cheese and we both agreed that the salads had too much dressing.   For the main course, he ordered the 16 once bone in pork chop and I ordered the 6 ounce    filet. He definitely went with the better option. The pork was flavorful and delicious. The filet was undercooked, I ordered it medium and it was medium rare. Good flavor, but honestly not better than any filet I've prepared at home.   The sides left much to be desired. I ordered steamed broccoli and he ordered mashed potatoes. We had to send the potatoes back because they were cold. The broccoli and the potatoes were very bland not much flavor at all, and there was certainly a lack of presentation.   For dessert, I had the chocolate mousse and he had the key lime pie. The pie was probably the best thing about the whole experience, that and the onion bread.   In hindsight, I'm glad we didn't pay full price and I'd much rather have eaten at Ruth Chris or any of the other restaurants participating in restaurant week. For the price, it wasn't bad given the amount of food, but I expected more from Morton's. Don't believe I will be returning here unless it's free!
Terrible Value but the steaks were good.  $13 Caesar Salad with tasteless dressing that probably came out of a bottle.  $13 side dishes.  But the most crazy was $89 for a bottle of Acacia Pinot Noir that's $20 at the State Store.  A mark-up of 4 1/2 times retail.  Insane.  No other drinks.  No dessert or coffee.  So the bill for 2 salads, 2 steaks, 2 sides and a bottle of very average wine was $310.  Probably the worst value around.
If you're not looking careful enough, you could miss New Sambok Oriental Foods on Penn. It's a very small Korean market, very hole-in-the-wall Strip storefront, on the corner of Penn and 18th St.   There is a decent selection of your typical Korean products, snacks, drinks, red pepper, ready made sides, and ramen. They sell kimchi which I bought once, to save time, and it didn't go to waste. If you're not used to old style Asian markets, you might have second thoughts about shopping here, it's a little on the dark side lighting wise, and small.   On the weekends, the owner cooks Korean snacks on the sidewalk in front of the store, my fave is the Korean pancake with kimchi sprouts. The owners are a friendly, older couple. Not the worst store I've ever been too, I've been to better. Can't complain too much since there isn't a large Korean population in Pittsburgh. Just be sure to look for best by dates, since turnover is probably pretty slow.
I love home made food ;p  Extremely small..but better then nothing... some areas don't even sell Korean foods..  I went  here hoping to do a little oriental food shopping... I heard they just sold Korean food, but  there's some products a general shop would have as well...don't come here..if your looking for specific products...stuff is over priced...and this place is really limited when it comes to produces...kinda disappointing...
From the previous reviews that I read I know exactly who people are talking about.  I rarely give a one or two stars. The customer service here is horrible.  I feel like everything I say is wrong.  I felt rushed when selecting my frames.  They changed me $10 more than what the price was marked on the frame.  When I pointed that out I got an attitude.
Ugh - so I went here this morning and while there was nothing wrong with the food (just got apple cinnamon oatmeal - review on that later) the cashier was bothering me.  I mean it's freaking 7:45 AM in the morning - just let me pay for my damn oatmeal and get to work!    There was NO ONE else in line, therefore no one in front of me and I'm standing in front of the cashier waiting to pay...now get this...I'm standing there, debit card in hand, while she's completing a text message.  And it's not like she just needs to press "send" oh no - there's is content getting written before my eyes as I wait there, and I'm thinking to myself is this really happening, who the hell could she be texting this early, and why the hell is she making me wait while she completes the content of a text message.    Now, I realize that ABP (Au Bon Pain) isn't some uber-professional establishment, but I'm thinking this should be in customer service 101 - stop texting while a customer is waiting to pay for item, you may resume texting after customer(s) are gone.    The oatmeal was tasty - and I like that they have a self-serve topping area (containers filled with nuts, cranberries, raisins, brown sugar, granola).  They had a choice between plain and apple cinnamon oatmeal - I went for the apps cinn mush - good stuff.  If only they could train their employees better.
I stayed at the Pennsylvanian for about a month in one of the Corporate Apartments.  This place is old.  I believe it used to be a hub for trains and buses.  The outside looks nice but the hallways to the rooms look a little dingy.  There was mildew on the floors of my bathroom and bathtub.  The washer and dryer was old.  There was rust on some of the door hinges.  The dresser, fixtures, coffee table, dining table, and dining chairs looked new and modern.  The carpet for the most part was clean.  The sofa looked old and was not comfortable.  The bedsheets had yellow stains on them.  I did not use the comforter and one of the layers.  The Pennsylvanian has a maid service option with 1 week or 2 week intervals.  I am not sure if they even changed or washed my bedsheets because they all had the same yellow stains?  wtf?  The views from the apartment is nice, but the windows are hard to see through since the window screens are dirty.  The kitchen is ok.  The corporate apartment comes with a fullsized fridge, dishwasher, coffee maker, silverware, platewear, pots and pans.  There is also an iron and ironing board.  There is also a 22 inch? CRT-TV with about 100 cable channels.  I had a router for internet but it was taken away from me 2 weeks into my stay.  The Pennsylvanian claimed Comcast took it away without even telling me.  They did not offer me a chance to pay for it.  The fitness room was nice.  There are treadmills, elliptical machines, pullup bars, and other various machines.  There are even a few sets of dumbells.  I never used the sauna, so I cannot comment on that.  There is a 24 hour concierge that is always helpful and friendly.  There is also an option to sign up for a dry-cleaning service, which is outsourced to another company.  You drop your dirty clothes into a room and pick it up a few days later after it has been cleaned.  This is rather expensive as well.  Everyone who has a dry-cleaning Key has access to this room.  Thieves could come in and steal your clothes.  If I had an option, I would not stay at the Pennsylvanian again.
Pep-pep and Nana will love it.   Pros: Convenient location Bus route access Guest parking (see cons) Scenic building exterior Most staff tries to be friendly/helpful Valet parking on-site (see cons)  Cons: Rent is a bit high for something so old and poorly maintained Gym is ancient Parking is non-existent most weekends due to weddings Valet-parking situation leaves much to be desired Move in/move out is very difficult to schedule Will keep a portion of security deposit  This is not a BAD place to live. However please keep these things in mind when you are influenced by the pretty exterior. Not a lot of money/resources have gone into maintaining the insides.
Not worth your money.  Poor service, worn interior, A/C was non-functional, THE CD PLAYER DIDN'T WORK, AND THERE WAS NO AUXILIARY JACK.  They get two start because they managed to get us from Point A to Point B without making us fear for our lives.
I used to buy La Prima espresso for my Pavoni all the time so I was pretty excited to actually get a cup of coffee here.  I ordered a cappuccino.  It tasted like milk and no coffee.  I was exceptionally disappointed.  So while the place has a great reputation,  even they can screw it up if they don't pay attention to detail, and  at this level they should never screw it up. I had a better cup at Martys Market for crying out loud!
My latte wasn't bad...wasn't anything special either. However, the customer service tainted the experience. Was barely acknowledged at the counter and had to hear the employees complain about their first world problems. I don't expect a conversation, but you can at least be friendly. I experienced none of the charm others talked about from La Prima Espresso. Wouldn't come here again.  Oh yeah, and they use Torani syrup, so do yourself a favor and get a plain drink. The espresso tastes better with just milk.
Went here to try the coffee. Usually go to Allegheny Tea and Coffee Exchange. It's true that the service you get can ruin the experience. Will probably never go here again because the person servicing me was rude.
Oh how sad.   Full of younger kids who don't really know that gay doesn't need to be synonymous with slutty or bitchy.   Big dance floor area, and a bar quartered off by a chain link fence (for real). Sigh.   Kind of what you don't want a gay bar to be.
Basically, if you don't need a fake ID to get in/aren't interested in pedophilia ... don't bother.
We used to call this place Tons of Sluts. Because pretty much, that's what it is.   There's a fence that fences you into the bar... it's.. ridiculous.  It's not cheap. I only went for drag shows.  But if you're looking for a wild drag show and cheap drinks head to Blue Moon in L-Ville on Butler Street
I go here frequently. The baristas were very nice and the prices are generally reasonable.  I've taken stars off because they've recently been hiding the sweeteners. I guess they are concerned about theft, but it's really annoying to have to ask for some every time as opposed to the self service station they used to have. As an update, the one barista gave me a dirty look because I grabbed sweetener for myself. Sorry that I didn't feel like waiting for three other customers. Either let me get it myself or ask every single customer if they want some as you wait on them.   I will likely not give them my business again. There are plenty other coffee and tea places around that people don't have to settle here.
After an unpleasant experience at Lotus Grocery on 17 February 2014, I want to caution customers to be careful when paying with cash at the store.    My order was $3.08.  I gave the glum and cold middle aged female cashier $10.10.  She put the $10 bill in the till and gave me $2.02 change, which would have been correct had I given her a $5 bill.  I told her that I gave her a ten dollar bill, and she repeatedly insisted that I did not.  I went to the mean middle aged man who appears to be manager or owner and told him of the problem.  He was not interested in hearing it and it eventually fell into the lap of a short, middle aged woman who also appears to be manager, and is one of the nicer people on the staff.  I got nowhere until I asked that a count of the register receipts.  The woman who  appears to be in management suggested that I leave my phone number and that I would be called after the store closes and a count is completed. That was not acceptable to me. I asked that a count be conducted while I waited and she agreed.  As she counted and recounted, I waited patiently.  She ultimately concluded that I was right and gave me my $5.00.  She apologized multiple times; the clerk who would have cheated me out of $5 did not.  I will be careful when shopping at this store.  I will try to pay with one dollar bills in the future and will announce how much money I am handing to the cashier. There is a bitter taste in my mouth about Lotus Grocery.  Of all places for this to happen, it would have to be one where there is a language barrier and where most of the employees are dismissive of the customer.  This is not Giant Eagle!
Good store - Rude Owners and Employees.  There is an old saying in the food industry.....food brings you in and the service brings you back.  I don't care how well stocked a store is, if I am treated like crap....then no thank you.  Get some manners  Lotus!
Used to be here a lot. Not anymore though. Not because of the food but the attitude of those cashiers. Every time I check out, they just freely throw my foods which I took time to pick carefully. One time a box of sponge cakes came open, as checking me out, the cashier touched the cake inside then put it in my checkout bag. So Gross! Staff definitely are really rude. Try not to come here unless it's for emergency.
The food you need to be careful, because sometimes they are expired. Price is just acceptable. Maybe due to it is famous and popular, people who work there are not very friendly. Also, parking is a big problem.
Okay first off, I came to Lulu 4 weeks prior to my wedding to have my wedding dress altered.  She was very pleasant on my very first meeting when I tried on my dress and had her look at what needed to be altered.  She made some markings on the length of the dress, told me she's going to take in 2 inches on the waist of the dress, and added straps(per my request).  After 2 weeks later, I texted her (she only responds via texts) telling her to added some padding to the bra area of the dress because I didn't like how the wiring was showing through the dress (it's not her fault the wiring was showing...it has something to do with the dress being so delicate).  So the third week came along (the pick up date), she texted me saying that she is VERY sick and asked if I can pick up the dress on the following Monday instead of Saturday.  I figured it was just a few more days so I agreed.   So then Monday came along, I got a text from her telling me I can pick it up at 4....She texted me again when I was on my way to the shop, asking me to pick my dress up at 5!  At this point, I was so desperate to just get my dress back, I drove to the shop at 5...BUT I got another text on my way to the shop...saying that she can't get out of bed and told me I can pick up the dress on the next day (Tuesday) as early as I want!   FINALLY on Tuesday, I came out to the shop at 9 AM sharp.  She apologized once for being sick and she understand how nervous I am for the wedding.  I tried on the dress and it was SUPER SHORT.  It was about 4 inches off the ground! I told her I didn't want it this short, she said she thought I wanted a poofy dress so she bustled the bottom layer up and it caused it to be so short! I told her how I didn't like how short it was and she let down "some of the bustle".  Also, I struggled to get into my gown because she took in too much at the waist area.  AND she added soooo much padding to the bust...that it looked super weird.  I was so devastated...but I didn't dare leave my dress to her any longer, in fear of the same thing happening.   To sum up this review, I had to take my dress to another seamstress the very next day and they had to take down the bustle completely.  There was no time for me to get the rest of the dress fixed so I just let the rest be.  I guess I shouldn't have tried out a new seamstress for my wedding dress and just stick with someone I already know.  That was a big lesson for me.
I decided to come here for a bridesmaid dress fitting based on the great reviews. My husband had a few jackets to get tailored so we figured we'd both head downtown for this.   I had a pretty standard dress, but it needed a belt and straps added. Other than that, it needed hemmed and taken out just a touch. The seamstress was taking notes and measurement. We had a lengthy discussion about taking the dress out due to the fact I am pregnant. I felt good about the initial meeting.  The day I was scheduled to pick up the dress, I got a message that it wasn't done and could I come in a few days. We selected a date and time. I showed up and she was surprised I was there and let me know my dress still wasn't done. My event is now a week out. I was comfortable with her making some more modifications without me trying again, and asked if I could at least make sure the dress wasn't too big since I've never had a dress taken out before and my size was changing. Long story short - she took the dress in...significantly...by mistake. I literally could not get the dress on and had less than a week before the wedding.   After some back and forth, she acknowledged she should have taken the dress OUT, not it. On top of that, the straps were ridiculously uneven, the dress was hemmed to the point where you could see my ankles, and the belt wasn't on.   At this point I was fearful I'd have to tell the bride I couldn't wear the dress. The seamstress said she'd work on it and I could pick up the next day. After agreeing on a time, I got a text while outside the building that the dress was not done and could I come back another time.   At the end of the day, I made four trips to this seamstress. The results were subpar. There were no apologies for the mistakes. I was charged full-price (she did agree to a $20 discount after I pushed). And, my husband had to go back again for his jackets (and after I had prepaid for everything when picking up my dress, she pushed my husband saying she had no record of payment).  I realize I am one of the few who had a poor experience, and maybe it was a fluke, but I'd certainly think twice about relying on this place for wedding related needs.
I was walking back and forth through downtown over a series of days and saw Madonna's. I made it a point to tell myself that I should stop in and get myself something to eat. I love Tex-Mex food and am always looking for new places to patronize.   I stopped in during lunch and ordered a steak burrito with guacamole to go. When I received my order I immediately opened it to take a bite. I was immediately underwhelmed. I saw that they had some Tapatio and added it to the full course of my burrito and took my leave of the little corner store.  The best part of the burrito was the Tapatio that I added after the fact. The issues with it were myriad. My biggest issue was the utter lack of any taste. That's right, my burrito had no flavor. How do you make a steak burrito with guacamole and pinto beans without any flavor what-so-ever in any of the components? Not far behind that question was the fact that my steak burrito had almost no steak. It was all beans and guacamole. Don't get me wrong, I like beans and guacamole when they are properly made, but I ordered a STEAK burrito and not a bean burrito seasoned with a few pieces of meat.  I might try this place again to give it another chance, but I would stay away from the steak burrito and would most likely eat vegan that day just to see if the lack of flavor was situational.
Food was only just ok and service was even worse.  There's plenty of other places you can go to for breakfast  - even Eat'N'Park would be better but hit up a place like Ritter's instead.
Well, it's food!! That's about all I can say for The Smithfield Cafe.   I had the "daily special" which is pretty much the universal way of condensing "two eggs, bacon or sausage, and toast" into two words. Sausage was room temperature, eggs were decent, and the greasy home fries contained the flavor of the dozen meals that were cooked before mine this morning (not i'n a good way). Coffee was plentiful, but not flavorful.  The waitresses were grizzled and archetypal for their profession.   To surmise; meh...
I'm so disappointed in my experience at the Carnegie Library! :( I recently became a member because I enjoy utilizing the library resources and since I graduated from Pitt I needed a new library to go to.   I've been trying to get a copy of 100 years of solitude for the past two weeks for my vacation this Saturday. The librarian put me on a list so that I would get the next available copy shipped to the downtown location. This morning I received an email saying my book had arrived and was ready for pick up! I got to the library as soon as it opened at 8:30 and boy was I shocked at what was on hold for me. Not 100 years of solitude but a book about the book. I was so disappointed because this is the only free time I have to read for leisure! The librarian on duty told me that this happens ALL the time. Well, I'm disappointed and this shouldn't happen at all, especially when you give the title and the author!
I want to like it.  But ultimately, it took forever to get and he doused my sushi with various sauces that were NOT listed on the menu.  As a condiment-o-phobic, my sushi was ruined and I didn't feel comfortable enough to request it be fixed.    15$ later, I tossed it and walked out, miserable.
AAahhh.  Why do I have such a discordance with Pittsburgh Yelpers' opinions of sushi places?  This place is not 4 stars.  The long line -- one person, Andy, making the sushi, makes you think it's a gem in the Strip District.  Eh.  With Andy's Special, there was a variety of rolls, and made with a continuous strip of seawood (ie inside on one roll, outside on the next), which I actually found annoying, as the rolls fell apart when trying to separate them.  There just wasn't any flavor -- so I laid on the soy sauce and wasabi, but to no avail.  I'm too annoyed right now to make any funny comments.
It really pains me to do this, because Andy himself is such a cool and friendly dude, but after eating at Penn Ave Fish Company for so long...I just can't bring myself to get his sushi anymore. It's... just... not that good.    It all snapped into place for me one day recently.  The sushi rolls he makes are massive, but the taste just isn't there.  He's rushing to make them so fast that as soon as you put your chopsticks around them they completely fall apart.  And the most important part, the fish, doesn't seem all that fresh.  Definitely not as fresh as Penn Ave., which is weird considering he "lives" in a fresh fish mecca.  But the thing I think I've really grown to hate that weird brown sauce he puts on everything.  Yuck!  I just can't stand it!  I know I can ask to have it off, but as soon as I seem to remember, it's on there in a flash.  I know it may be cheap and it may be fast, but to me it's just not worth it.  Penn Ave IS right down the street...and I PROMISE you'll love their fresh and delicious sushi!
Being a Korean-BBQ lover and snob..I needed to get my Bulgogi/gal-bi fix when I was in Pittsburgh.  My search led me to Sushi-Kim.  Oh how I wish it led me astray.  This was probably one of the worst tasting Korean Barbecue places I have ever been to.  The beef was not the right color and was basically bland.  The beef short-ribs were tasty but was way too tough.  I felt like I had to chew each piece 100x or I was going to choke and die.    I was not a fan of the food at all and would not recommend it to anyone.
I wouldn't call this place authentic Korean BBQ. I was disappointed that the "grill" at the table was essentially a frying pan. How can you even come close to delicious Korean BBQ if there is no open flame? Every other BBQ restaurant I've been to has had either charcoal or gas grill.  The quality of the meats were terrible, though one shouldn't really expect much from a buffet.  I will say, however, that the service was friendly and accommodating. It's spacious, and thus great for large groups of people. Just don't expect fantastic Korean BBQ.
First off, this restaurant is absolutely HUGE. there are a ton of tables, so i'm going to say that this place is good for groups..  When we went on a friday night, there were only about 7 tables occupied, with my friend and I sitting alone at the sushi bar.  We came here because we wanted sushi and rolls.  None of the pittsburgh restaurants seem to specialize very much in rolls, and of the sushi restaurants near shadyside/oakland, this one seemed to offer the most number of rolls (please let me know if you know of other ones nearby that offer more!)  We got a 12 piece combination sushi platter, a kim's favorite roll (which actually seemed like two separate rolls totaling 16 pieces), and a spider roll.  While the sushi and rolls were of acceptable size, the fish was definitely not very fresh.  the spider roll was probably one of the most repulsive rolls i've tasted in a while.  the soft shell crab was fried beyond recognition, and it took too much effort to chew as the crunching resounded loudly within my head.  My friend and I also split a soon doo boo, which came with a bowl of rice and a few miniplates of banchan.  while the soon doo boo was acceptable, with a lot of tofu inside, the banchan was pretty underwhelming. broccoli, pretty weak kimchi, bean sprouts...  and sadly our bill came out to be way too much for a regular sushi dinner. after tax and tip, my friend and i each paid ~35.  while the service was friendly, i will probably not be coming back here again.
A few friends from out of town wanted to meet at Sushi Kim for dinner, so I agreed. The sushi selections seemed to satisfy their tastes, while their kids liked the miso soup, and edamame beans (which were replenished when asked).   I'm not a fan of Japanese food, so I stuck with the Korean selections, after all I was in a Korean restaurant! I had Mandu Guk, which was a good size bowl of meat filled dumplings, and broth. My daughter had the pork bulgogi which she liked, but we've had better. The pork was really greasy, and not cooked on a fire grill, no char marks, equals less than tasty meat.   Sushi Kim alternates between a hit, or a miss. Sometimes you get a few different panchan, (side dishes of pickled or marinated vegetables), and sometimes you only get kimchi, wth? If you judge a place by it's patrons, I've seen few Koreans eat here, so that sums up the authenticity factor. Nice big restaurant, just lacking in overall experience.
This place was mediocre at best. Not impressed.
You can not pay me money to eat here again. They cannot even cook edamame, it was undercooked and cold. I had to stop eating their sushi in fear I would be sick for work in the morning. Texture and temperature of the fish scared me. Save yourself pain and throw your money out the window. Only plus side was their friendliness in service.
I'm new to Pittsburgh with a job on the North Shore. I had a craving for some Korean food and went to the place nearest my office - Sushi Kim in the Strip District that boasts both Korean food and sushi.  Let me say up front - the food I received was delicious. But, I was a bit disappointed with the portion size for my lunch entree. For $12.95, I received just a few portions of ribs (I ordered the kalbi), just 3 ban-chan (side dishes of kimchi, sprouts and broccoli), a small serving of white rice and a miso soup.  Delicious food, small portions and a bit overpriced.  I was thinking of coming back to try to sushi, but I think the price structure needs to be reworked before I return.
Sushi Kim has long held a reputation as one of the best sushi restaurants in town. However, after repeated visits, I wonder if this stems from the day when Sushi Kim was practically the only sushi restaurant in town.   Please note that this review pertains to the sushi dining only, for dinner. I've not been there for lunch or had the Korean food.  My most recent visit typifies each time I've had there. Upon arrival, the place is nearly empty. The service is attentive but indifferent, as if they realize you're a dirty dish that needs to be cleaned - you're taken care of like any other chore.  The miso soup arrived, and was very tasty. However, it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool. This is pretty normal, as well.   The most disappointing part is the sushi itself. It is not inexpensive (really, sushi is rarely inexpensive), but upon arrival, it is a bit too warm, and just doesn't taste fresh. Being that much of this dish consists of raw fish, freshness concerns me a bit more than, say, french fries at a bar. Each and every variety is equally disappointing, with the end result being "Meh" to "Yech."   With such a large population of sushi places in Pittsburgh these days, and even Giant Eagle in a pinch, there is not really a reason to frequent this place anymore. After a handful of visits based on reputation and the hope that this time might be better, I've made my last trip to Sushi Kim.
I've been to Sushi Kim few times over the years and every time I've gone there the food and service hasn't lived to it's reputation of being one of the best Korean restaurant atleat in Pittsburgh.  The food is okay.. service is mediocre and staff ... not the friendliest :)  So, if anyone asks me to recommend a good korean or a sushi place... you can say this will definitely not make the list.
Staff are friendly. Sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better. Otherwise this is a decent sushi place for a lunch once in a while.
There are much better sushi choices available.  This place is just okay, but I like sushi to be spectacular.  The employees were lots of fun, they had the best sense of humor, and the service was excellent. The prices were very good.  I was there on a Monday, so I just tried the sushi.  I might go back for the Korean BBQ.
I don't give 2 stars that often but sorry Kim - you were a bitter disappointment.   I was excited to have found a Sushi place in Pittsburgh in walking distance to my apartment. That excitement didn't last for too long when I entered the place on a Monday evening at 7pm, realizing that I was the only one in a rather spacious restaurant.  Fine, I had a Sushi craving and couldn't care less. Until the Sushi arrived. I ordered my Spicy Tuna and Salmon rolls, both came within 2 minutes. Strange? Maybe, or just a super fast chef. Sadly, the rolls were falling apart as soon as I looked at them, and the Salmon even tasted... bad. I had to leave it on the plate, which has never happened to me before.  On the plus side, the miso soup was okay and the service was very attentive, which is not surprising if you're the only one in that place. As there are not too many Korean options in Pittsburgh I encourage you to try the Korean BBQ, especially as the reviews for the Korean food at Kim's on Yelp are not that bad. But for the Sushi - forget it.
I didn't have the awful experience some had here based on prior reviews, but it was definitely mediocre.  I went on a Wednesday evening and the place was totally dead except maybe one couple sitting by the sushi bar part of the time I was there.  Which is sad because they have such a huge space with 2 levels, lots of seating, and great proximity to both the Strip and downtown.  A lot more could be done with this place.    The menu was printed in very poor quality with what could have been nice pictures of food options but they were super fuzzy and hard to see.  It seemed like their Korean menu was pretty varied but I had come for the sushi.  I ordered the Kim's Favorite Roll which was described as "Tuna, Yellowtail, Broiled Eel, and Salmon"  but what I wasn't expecting was the salmon to be cooked all the way through.  Maybe I  should have read it as "broiled eel and salmon" but that wasn't clear or typical of this sort of roll.  Normally eel is cooked but the other fish are raw unless specified otherwise.  Maybe you'd have a fried roll or something baked or seared on the top, but to cook one type of fish that is normally raw and mix it inside with 2 raw types just seems strange to me.  So it ended up being a really odd combination with the raw tuna and yellowtail next to the cooked sushi which wasn't so great all squished together inside the roll.  The sushi roll was quite large at 16 pieces, but I still felt that 18.95 was really pricey considering the quality of the fish was only mediocre with small portions, and they used a TON of rice. The quality of the fish was again just ok.  Not super fresh but not bad either.  The rolls (and those of my friends) kept falling apart as we tried to eat them.  It seemed they weren't properly wrapped or maybe it was just that they tried to use way too much rice.  One fun thing was that all the rolls came out on little boats, so that was a nice touch.  The roll also came with a miso soup, which was fine but nothing special.  The miso soup didn't have the awful taste some others here reported but it tasted like what I'd make from a powered package rather than made fresh.  I also got the shrimp shumai which were again just ok, and tasted like what I could get from the freezer section of an asian store and microwave myself rather than made fresh.    One person at our table got a Korean dish which came with 4 side dishes that were all vegetable except for the fish cakes.  She said her food tasted decent but the beef bul go gi dish she got just didn't look right or have the proper color it should have had.  Just liked kind of dry and plain.  When I went to the restroom I was disturbed to see trays of the Korean side dishes in the hallway just sitting out in the open not covered or anything!  It would be different if the restaurant were bustling but it was totally dead and pretty clear those wouldn't be eaten that evening (so I shudder to think that after hours sitting out uncovered unrefrigerated that they put them out again the next day and hoped someone would eat them...).  If you aren't that busy there is no reason things can't be prepared to order!  That is simply lazy.  Also I overheard part of a conversation between a waiter and a guy at the sushi bar about something being "expired" and what to do about that.  Unfortunately I couldn't hear all the details but it was disturbing since this was after we all had gotten our food already.  I mean it's good they are being mindful of expiration dates but it sounded like someone had to be schooled on it based on what I heard.  But granted that I only heard bits and pieces so I can't say for sure.  I don't think I'll go back here again.
Great service but the sashimi was bad. I'm not even kidding when I say I've had fresher sashimi, maki and nigiri from Giant Eagle GetGo's prepared foods. Next time I'll try some Korean fare.
Never been here before. Hadn't even heard of it. Inexperienced as I was, I expected to be shown what to do or how it works. One of the Asian gentlemen pointed and instructed, but that was it. Disappointed in that. The water I was served came in a plastic cup. What reason would a restaurant serve water in a plastic cup is beyond me. Not inspired to return, mostly because of the passive and lacking service.
I had a pretty negative experience for my first trip to Sushi Kim. I have always heard how great this place was and the patron is immediately greeted by photos and plaque cards of the restaurant's accomplishments.   I was greeted by a non-Asian male, who was very seemingly very timid and shy. After a first glance, I noticed that some of my favorite Korean foods were no where to be found. I inquired with this male as to whether or not there was an alternative menu or whether these very common Korean dishes could be made. He had absolutely no idea what I was talking about. He looked at the sushi menu and just told me to order what he thought was the closest thing.    Korean barbecue requires either the patron or the server to cook at the table. We had a different server cook my bulgogi. Another non-asian male who basically refused to speak with us. I could tell English was his second language, but he was extremely unpardonable. We sat in awkward silence because of his presence while cooking.   The Korean fried dumplings were very delicious, I will say that!   I will give Sushi Kim another chance because I know others rave about it.
The positives:  $5 glasses of wine and super-cheap entrees.  The sushi was good but not the best we have ever eaten.  And the spice beef noodle soup was tasty--not very spicy like we were told.  My favorite part about the whole place was the mini bowls of side dishes they give you with your meal--the kim chee was quite good!  The negatives:  The decor--I don't think that it has been updated since the 80's.  The cleanliness--didn't appear to be very clean either, I was afraid to look around too much because I didn't want to see anymore than what was in front of me.  The wait staff--not too pleasant!  I don't think we will be back--glad we tried it because we heard so much about this place.
I was definitely not wowed by the sushi here.   To be honest, I've never tried the hot food... (which people apparently do seem to like).  I did try the sushi a few times and was a bit disappointed with the quality of it. Not bad but I have better in the strip.
Never had a sushi with warm rice, and sushi all almost  fall apart....The hea mool jun gol was seafood with instant noodle soup... So disappointed.
For many years, my best friend and her mother were season ticket holders and when her mother reached a point in age where she could no longer fully appreciate theater (sight and hearing), I became the theater companion. We've been going now for three years, and although the overall 'experience' of the Public is pleasant, the base reason of why I attend 'theater' has been a mixed bag of mostly disappointment.  The theater itself is a grand and beautiful piece of architecture. Acoustically sound, very comfortable, clean and organized.  The staff, from box office to ushers, is always pleasant and helpful. As with all theaters, the concessions are overpriced, but in this era, that's to be expected.   The theater offers a LOT of 'fun' incentives to draw in groups and keep folks as regular attendees, like the brunch series for season ticket holders, or the wine Wednesdays, and other 'groupings' that give 'value added' to the experience.  My friend and I have our tickets on what we call 'donut day', or the brunch series. It kind of an all-you-can-eat continental breakfast with mass donuts, bagels and pastries from Giant Eagle, with coffee and tea.  It's a nice incentive, but we've begun to look forward to the donuts more so than the actual 'theatre' experience.  The reason I go to the 'theater' is to enjoy the play that's on the stage, and in the past three years, I've been mostly disappointed with the productions. I've seen a LOT of live theater in my life, from small low budget black box, to college, to Broadway tours, with varying levels of production value, but with a much broader range than I've yet to see at the Public.  I've even seen a few productions in other 'less substantial' theaters that the Public presented in the past three years, and had to wonder 'what were they THINKING?' One production, 'ART' comes specifically to mind, having seen it in Florida presented by a mid-level budget theater company with high production value that nailed the script, characterizations and flow 100%. I was excited to see the show again, as it is a spectacular piece of writing - when done right. The moment I walked into the Public's production and sat down and looked at the set, I had to say 'HUH????'  The play that followed kept me saying 'Huh?' They totally missed the boat on direction, character development, as well as a just wrong set.  Their choices in season also seem to pander heavily to the 'donors' and not to 'theatre' lovers. With all of the scripts available in the world, and I've seen a LOT of them, I have to ask why most of the more challenging pieces (intellectually as well as artistically) are never touched. After three years, we're now asking ourselves if buying season tickets is really worth it, when so many of the shows in the season we've already seen - but we seem to go back out of habit, not out of enjoyment.  This past season, 'Private Lives' was part of the season. I saw Private Lives at the public in the 80's. Pittsburgh Irish and Classical did it three or four years ago. Theatre Factory in Trafford did it two years ago. Again this past year at the Public?  Seriously?    The sets for most productions have been great (except for ART), and the performances have been 'ok', with some capable performers who were doing 'just ok'. Exceptions were Superior Donuts, God Of Carnage, and Circle Mirror Transformation. Three plays in three years that were exceptional and worthy of exceptional applause.  Yet, da burgh audiences give out standing ovations for EVERYTHING, whether or not it deserves a standing ovation. Do they really believe that all of what they're seeing it exceptional? If so, they need to get out of the box a little more to really experience the difference between 'Yeah, that was ok' and 'WOW!'.   I really miss well-done challenging live theater, and rarely do I find it in Pittsburgh. Instead, I end up settling for an day out with lunch or dinner, good company, and two hours of 'diversion' on the stage that make going to the movies more appealing.  And for me, this is what the Public is...  Maybe it's just Pittsburgh, and a matter of 'giving them what they want'. But every time I receive a 'now playing' e-mail from the many theater sites I belong to, and read the synopsis of the MANY production listings, I drool, and wonder 'Why can't anyone do this stuff HERE??'  The Public SHOULD be that venue. And their productions SHOULD be on that exceptional level.  Sadly, they just aren't.
I'm a huge fan of these weekly alternative periodicals. Unfortunately the City Paper has all but vanished from the scene, in it's place a weekly paper hits the stands with nothing but ads, a few music reviews and a restaurant review. Oh, how I miss the days when In Pittsburgh and The City Paper were vying for readership.  What happened to that edgy, ruffling of the feathers wit we used to get in stories that meant something? Did the editor lose touch? Did he grow old and lose that liberal ferocity? Or, did every hungry reporter leave town and head to NYC to work at The Village Voice, a REAL alternative newspaper that has more readers than the Times.  In a large college town like Pittsburgh, a real alternative weekly should be covering college sports, national and local politics, pop culture, the local music scene, computer news, finances...etc.  Instead we get a weekly story, nothing that needs much undercover work, nothing that would cause local politicians to shake in their boots. Nothing that would cause the Post Gazette to stand up and take notice. Basically running feel good stories that will keep the City Paper out of the courts.  As much as I hate Mark Madden, at least when he wrote a story in the City Paper it was edgy, eye opening, and he was usually correct.  The City Paper is in need of new blood, after all it's 2010 and the editor needs replaced in favor of hungrier reporters who have a story worth telling.
The location is nice, with plenty of outdoor seating on the river. The food is not that great.  They have an all you can eat crab leg dinner.  My husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked.  I had a crab cake sandwich in which I could not really taste the crab.    Prices:  Sandwiches ~$10, Entrees, ~$18, Crab legs, $25.
Great place to get a drink on the deck and watch the river traffic, but that's the only good point of the place.  Food's okay - nothing to write home about; service is pretty average and a bit unfriendly; decor is a little too "tacky nautical".  Prices are pretty average, but too high for the quality and service levels.
After reading old reviews I figured that some change had to have occurred over the last year and gave it a shot. Went with my boyfriend after biking along the north shore trail, and didn't tell him about the negative reviews since I REALLY wanted to sit along the river. The view/environment is still very pretty, but we both found ourselves displeased with the food and the service. We both got the beer battered cod sandwhich (convinced him to go basic after reading bad things about the food) and although he enjoyed it, I thought the batter was very doughy and uncooked on the fish, and the tartar sauce tasted grainy (any giant eagle brand would have been better). It didn't seem like others were too crazy about the food as I heard the woman behind us complaining that her dish wasn't cooked and would like a refund. The beers were bottled and cold, so couldn't complain there, but the service was still poor as we were rushed to choose our drinks/dishes and given a second to pay. Would have thought after all the reviews that they would have changed employees. Overall, I would come here again only for some beers and nice seating, but would eat dinner beforehand.
Ate this yesterday and was very impressed with the atmosphere and scenery, but that was about it. The wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor. I figured seafood would be their bread and butter but their Ahi tuna was tasteless. The salads you get with an entree is the size of a dixie cup and the lettuce is cheap iceburgh crap. If I go back again I will def just order beer and appetizers as the Buffalo shrimp were pretty good. If showing someone the city this is a good place for atmosphere but if you're a food critic check your taste buds at the door.
I love the location, and I keep trying to give Redfin Blues a chance, but the food is always average at best and the service is less than mediocre.  The setting is fabulous, there's a bike trail that runs right through the middle of the restaurant and you can sit right along the river and feel like you are in some exotic location.  I still enjoy eating here on occasion, but I always keep my expectations low about the food and service.  Maybe one day that will change.
It's hard to beat the atmosphere of this place in the summer. It's outdoor dining is right on the river, hovering above Washington's Landing Marina. However, the service is seriously lacking. With my parent's boat docked right below Redfin's, we frequently dine here before headed out on the water. The service has always been very slow. I understand that on a typical Friday or Saturday night it can get rather busy, but they should anticipate the crowd and be able to plan accordingly to accommodate! Luckily, the view is so nice that most of the time we're left waiting....and waiting....and waiting....it isn't too big of a deal because we're enjoying the outdoor space.   The food is average. Nothing I've had there was to die for, but on the same token, nothing was awful either. I'd only suggest this place to marina-goers or those looking for a nice outdoor dining space. Oh, and only come if you have lots of time!
average at best. Best view of the city by far though. Go in summer or no point in going.   The beer battered fish is good, yet there's much better in the city. It's nice and crispy, served on a fresh roll, tartar, lettuce, all that jazz. However again it's not worth venturing over for unless weather is perfect for an evening outside.   Chicken quesidilla, same thing. Average.   I've went for 6 years now waiting for it to become something good. It's not going to happen. But I'll keep trying hoping.
A little pricy for food but not too bad. Sitting above the little docks there is nice on a hot day. When they put the boats in the water it's a little noisy but entertaining. I had a fish sandwich and it was a little greasy and bland and the tartar sauce was also bland. Iced tea was good. This is not the place to come to have a good meal, but a nice view and a breeze then it's ok. Next time I think I will just get drinks and an appetizer and enjoy the view. Other people I see complained about the service but our waitress was really good and took care of us without hovering.
The owners of this place must be idiotic and computer illiterate.  It boggles my mind how so many bad reviews can be received for years on end with no changes made.  The amount of money they are losing by being disorganized must be staggering.  It is only worth going if you ride your bike to Washington's Landing and want a drink.  Otherwise you may request a table and be told that it is a 30 minute wait while 20 tables sit empty.  Those 20 tables, by the way, will continue to remain empty while you wait for one.  Parties that just arrive will seat themselves and be served, or will get immediately seated.  The bar is always surrounded by groups waiting with table-buzzers that are looking around perplexed at all of the empty tables.    I ordered food and the shrimp was still frozen.  Straight out of a precooked frozen bag from CostCo, I presume.    They have a good location and are abusing it.  This is a poorly run business that could be turned into something great.  From the reviews I've seen, I guess this is how it has always been.  What an incredible travesty.
The location of Redfin Blues is great! It overlooks the river, and makes for a lovely place to hang out and have a few drinks... However, the food and service is sub par. Each time that I have been here, whether it be an extremely bustling Saturday evening, or a slow weekday afternoon, the service has been poor. The food is average, and is way overpriced. There are many other great places in Pittsburgh to go if you want a yummy fish sandwich.   Redfin Blues has the potential to be such a great restaurant! But with the poor service and average food, it has a lot to yearn for.
The food can be ok.. So can the service.. If you come by boat or bike make sure you are fully clothed.. They may look at you like you are nuts if you show up in a bathing suit.. For every 2 bad waitresses there is 1 good.. I like the beer battered chicken sandwich.. The shrimp quesadilla had weird textured shrimp.. The peel and eat shrimp are pretty good..
I stopped by here this past Thursday night with three others for dinner.  We arrived shortly before 6 PM and with the nice weather we chose to sit on their patio.  Their patio is rather nice because it has an ample number of seats and looks out over the Allegheny River.  What wasn't so nice about the table that we were seated at was that for a while it was literally the only table out of about 20 or so that had the sun shining on it for about 30 minutes.  That may sound nice but it wasn't really as the sun was in some of my dining companions eyes the whole time.  For dinner three of the members of our party ended up ordering the all you can eat crab legs.  Our opening plates consisted of 2 crab halves (each half was 4 legs and a claw), butter and side orders of french fries and broccoli.  The french fries were actually pretty good and had a nice seasoning on them.  I rather enjoyed picking out some of the crab meat and putting the meat along with some butter over my fries and eating it all at once.  The broccoli on the other hand wasn't to my liking and seemed overly mushy.  As for the crab, well, it was pretty good.  The first couple of halves that they brought out to us were probably either not that fresh or were overcooked.  The reason that I say this is that the meat was hard to get out of the shells and more often than not you were left cracking and picking them.  Later in the evening though the crab seemed to get better (fresher or cooked better?) and was more easily pulled out of the crab without nearly as much cracking needed.  Throughout the night the three of us ended up eating 56 of the crab halves.  What was odd to me is that when we started they were only bringing out 5 or 6 to the table but that by the last two batches they were bringing out 12.  It seems like it would make more sense to do it the other way around as in the end we ended up leaving three of them.  Service of the crab was fairly consistent and it seemed like they were always putting in more orders for us.  However, the smaller amount of crabs meant that there was often waits of up 15 minutes between us finishing the crab and getting some more.  During one of these periods and having already been at the table for more than 2 hours I asked if I could get a refill on the fries.  I wasn't sure if they were included or not but figured that I would give it a try as the fries had to be cheaper and more filling than the crab.  The waitress told me that she would do what she could but never ended up bringing them out.  We finally ended up finishing out meals just before 9:30 PM and they quickly cleaned off our table.  At that point I was pretty antsy to get out of there since we had already been there for 3 1/2 hours.  That wasn't to be though as it took over 35 minutes for us to get the check and then another 10 to get it paid.  So the total amount of time spent at the restaurant was a ridiculous 4 hours and 15 minutes.  Yes I realize that eating a ton of crab legs is a labor intensive activity but I would like to think that we could have been in and out of the restaurant in 2 and a half hours or maybe 3 hours tops.  The bottom line for me is that I don't know if I would be back again in the future.  While the food itself was decent, the total amount of time that I spent here for dinner was absolutely insane.
Mediocre at best. Simple food you can make at home for well less than they charge. Buffalo shrimp $11.00 you get 5, barely enough to share. Shrimp tacos were ok just on a basic bed of slaw for $16. Beers, even the domestics will cost you! Got a Budweiser made beer at $6.50. No drafts or specials on a Friday when we got there at 7. Better choices people.
After waiting FOREVER for our waitress  to come over ... she finally showed up at exactly  6 to tell us ... its 6 oclock so you can't order beer at the happy hour price. The view is great service not so much.
This was my first visit to Redfin Blues, and I was underwhelmed.  While our server was quite nice, she wasn't very attentive, long waits for everything were the norm - drinks, water, finally placing our order, getting the appetizer, and eventually getting our entrees.    We ordered the Chips & Dips to start, which included a large plate of tortilla chips and two immensely small servings of dips (you had your choice of dips, we had the artichoke dip and the pineapple salsa).  The dips were tasty, but there was only enough for about 1/3 of the chips.  That was grossly overpriced at $10, which would have been reasonable if there was more dip.  I ordered the fish tacos.  There were three small tacos, loaded with lettuce and topped with very small strips of fish, no side dish, all for $16.  It was worth about $6.  I won't speak for my friends, except to say that no one raved about their food.  The river view from the deck was nice, but the smokers were not.  While I would give Redfin Blues one more try in the event that this was an off night, I doubt it will be any time soon.
Overpriced, unspectacular food, $7 bottles of beer, and shoddy, inattentive service...   But man, you're not gonna find too many places to sit under an umbrella, in the sun, on the water in the city, couple beers, and some peel and eat shrimp... Rode my bike out to meet my old man. Bike path comes directly to the dock   Definitely don't stop here if you're in a rush, or on a budget.  Almost left it 3 stars... But seriously, there are still restaurants that allow smoking?!  Thankfully they weren't next to our table. 2.5 stars.
Possibly a 'trifecta of bad' with surly waitstaff, crappy food (coconut shrimp burnt, romaine lettuce core left in the salad, pizza charred, $7 for a bottle of beer) and smoking being permitted on outside deck.  The view is nice, but you can get the view for free by walking on the trail.
If you want any advice, listen to the yelp reviews & find a new place to eat! We've been wanting to try this place out simply because it looked like a cool place to have a beer right on the river with dinner. For starters, the beer is $5.50 a bottle YIKES, too bad we were never offered the bucket of beer deal (6 Millers for $15) we ordered beef nachos as an appetizer after watching the waiters bring out plate after plate to different tables. After waiting....And waiting...and waiting our food came out, no appetizer. We told our waitress we did not want it anymore because we assumed we'd be full after dinner. My husband ordered the Margarita pizza & I ordered the shrimp tacos with rice. Hubby didn't mind his, my was terrible...HORRENDOUS. The rice was hard & the shrimp looked like it came straight out of the Gordon's box from Giant Eagles freezer. The total time spent here was completely uncalled for, even if the meal WAS good. I prob. would have given it 3 stars had the server even remotely apologized to us for the appetizer mishap & the prep time on the food.
Overpriced, unspectacular food, $7 bottles of beer, and shoddy, inattentive service...   But man, you're not gonna find too many places to sit under an umbrella, in the sun, on the water in the city, couple beers, and some peel and eat shrimp... Rode my bike out to meet my old man. Bike path comes directly to the dock   Definitely don't stop here if you're in a rush, or on a budget.  Almost left it 3 stars... But seriously, there are still restaurants that allow smoking?!  Thankfully they weren't next to our table. 2.5 stars.
We went here on a Friday for dinner with 3 other couples.  We got there early (4:45) and pretty much had our pick of tables on the deck.  It is self-seating, but we couldn't have the 2 open tables next to each other we wanted because they were in 2 different sections.  So, they pushed a round and a square table together for us.  Sat there for 25 minutes, never had a server come to take a drink order.  But, 7 servers were all standing at the entrance talking because almost all of the tables were empty.  We moved to a different section in the shade...still no offer for drinks so we had to get them from the bar.  Their only happy hour special was the 5 Miller Lites for $15 and other domestics started at $4.50 per bottle.  We got the pound of eat and peel shrimp as an appetizer to share - the shrimp was good and had some type of seasoning on it.  Service was slow and inattentive all night.  The server was polite and made recommendations from the menu for us, but he was not around very much.  Food-Wise, we tried a lot of things from menu.  I started with the Redfin Bisque.  Described as having crab, lobster and shrimp.  The flavor was not bad, but it was just broth with 1 tiny shrimp.  No crab or lobster.  Seared Ahi Tuna Sandwich - 2 people in our group got this.  It is supposed to be served rare - both were completely overcooked at medium-well.    Shrimp and Crab Pizza - 1 couple shared this (for $21) and left half of it there.  It was completely soggy to where the crust just tore off from the rest of the slice.  Fish Tacos - 2 people in our party got these.  Good portion sizes, but it was served with a 'lime' sauce that was overpoweringly sweet - it was compared to the flavor of icing from a cake.  The flavors on different dishes just clashed instead of complimenting each other.  Long story short, we won't be back.  Overpriced beer and overpriced, bad food. Dinner conversation on a Friday night should not be about how bad the food was.  Epic fail, Redfin Blues, epic fail.
Cool setting but for me that was about it. The menu was a huge let down. Not much fresh seafood. Battered and fried. Very dark outside as well. We didn't care for the atmosphere and didn't actually eat anything. Just a glass of wine.
Really displeased with the overall experience I had trying out Denham for the first time.  I made an appointment because my regular stylist (Lee at Nadia Salon) who is AMAZING and spends over an hour on each cut, was booked solid all week.    I asked the male receptionist 3 different times who would give me the best men's fade, adding that I would be willing to pay more and wait for an appointment if it meant getting a better cut.  He suggested Hillary each time.  I went ahead and made an appointment with her.  Upon arriving, till the time I left, the entire process felt very rushed.  My stylist checked her watch multiple times throughout the cut, which made me believe her focus is on booking a large volume of clients, rather than making a lasting impression.  Even when I asked her to fix up something I didn't like on the cut, (which she did), she seemed to do so in a rushed manner.  The whole process was so rushed that I barely got a chance to look at my fade (the whole reason I went in) which was TERRIBLY botched.  I don't know what this idiotic looking zig zag pattern is on the side of my head, but it looks nothing like the picture I have her as an example, let alone what I would get at a supercuts for Pete's sake.  So now I am out 35$, will have to reschedule somewhere else and pay for another haircut to get it fixed, while also working the next week at my suit and tie day job with a botched haircut.
I have curly hair and the staff struggled to straighten it when I went in for a up do.
Had dinner here on a weeknight before taking my daughter to the nutcracker.  It was dead, but we were early on a Tuesday night, and it picked up.    We started with the fried zucchini.  The consensus was thumbs up.  Bread was average.  I ordered the veggie pasta.  Asked for it w/out zucchini but was told it wasn't possible as it was pre-made.  It was ok.  My daughter had the cheese raviolis and enjoyed them.  The other three people had the seafood platter special.  Didn't go so well.  The shrimp and scallops were good, the sole was ok, but  all three sent theirs back because the lobster wreaked of ammonia.  Our waiter appeared overwhelmed by having to serve a bad product, and was only semiapologetic.  They then brought out two manicotti dinners which were fine.  Service was average at best.  Feel bad given how long it has been around, but it is hard to imagine making a return trip.
They must get patrons here in because of the could reviews from the other Tambellini restaurant or from being close to the theater district.  The food is pretty bad for an Italian restaurant.  The Chicken Parmigiana was very bready and I question if it was homemade.  I ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce.  The homemade bread was very sorry.....  Not worth the price.  The decor is very plain.  Service was fine.
A friend recommended this to me, and I can't figure out why.  The food was underwhelming and pricey.  The service was fine, and the place looked nice, but I can barely remember what I ate there it was so forgettable.
My friend and I were trying to think of a place to go last night for dinner before Mannheim Steamroller and she suggested Tambellini's. I hadn't been there for a million years and am not too thrilled with the downtown restaurant scene so I agreed. It all started when we were seated by the lack luster hostess. You could tell she either just didn't want to be at work yesterday or really hated her job. She had zero personality. Then we look at the menu. How much do you think they charge for simple bow tie pasta and meat sauce? You're probably thinking $10 or $12, right? WRONG! $20!! I was not happy about the ridiculous pricing, but my friend and I felt we were already sitting down and felt funny about leaving so we unfortunately stayed. Now I really wish we would have. I figured if I am going to spend $20 on simple pasta I'll spend $10 more and have a steak with it. I'm on an extremely strict diet of only 1200 calories a day so I could not have the bow ties with alfredo. All I asked for was for them to replace the alfredo with simple marinara. You would think I asked them to get Giada DeLaurentis to come and cook my pasta. The waitress gave me such an attitude and then punished us the rest of the time by ignoring us. After all that I get my meal, the steak is very good (even though it clearly was not well done, some of the pieces were practically still mooing) and the pasta was tasteless. I would have been furious if I paid $20 for tasteless pasta. Never again will I go there. That place is the worst and I recommend you guys don't waste your time or more importantly your money either. The staff needs an attitude adjustment, the prices need to be more reasonable given the global economic collapse and they need to work on creating more flavorful dishes.  The only reason I gave it a 2 is because the steak was good. Otherwise, it would have been a .5 or 1.
Meh.  I'm a guy, I've got a short haircut.  Nothing fancy -- short on the sides and back, an inch on top.  Pretty easy in MY opinion.  The stylist "didn't do" clipper cuts, even though that's what I requested for the sides -- it's really the only way to get the sides short.  Instead she went with scissors and a comb.  Took 3x longer, and the result was a mess....a big strip of hair down the back that was probably twice the length of the sides.    The top wasn't even and was kind of a mess.  I won't be back.
Fairly average Italian food other than the meatballs. Too many good Italian places in Pittsburgh to choose here. Interior could use an update. Beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks.
The food quality doesn't match the place at all. I think it's ok for a pub but this place is supposed to be a nice place for professional lunches.  I had the chicken flatbread and the chicken was more like subway chicken!  With so many options around that area I won't pick this place for lunch.
Villa used to be really good and reasonably priced.  Ever since their facade renovation, addition of a ice cream machine, and maybe even date a little farther back ... the overall offerings are overpriced by about $2.00 per item on average.  The pizza is good, but if you order during rush hour you're in hit-or-miss territory for quality and temperature.  Hoagies are usually good regardless of how busy they are, it's just a matter of how long it'll take between ordering the hoagie and finally getting to eat said hoagie.  I haven't tried their salads or other dishes ... but for the most part I have heard nothing but positive reviews about their food.  I've never been a huge fan of thin flimsy crusted pizzas ... so while nice sometimes, I continue looking for a nice thick slice of pizza that I can adopt as my "go-to" quick lunch in Downtown Pittsburgh.
The only good thing this restaurant has going for it, is their bar!   They have 22oz glasses!!!  and is very close to my job, which is great for an after work drink   The food is terrible I mean the worse of the worse, I am not a big fan of Italian food and it's because of restaurants like this!!   On one occasion I made the mistake of ordering food from this restaurant I had tortellini  in a tomato sauce,  I've had better Italian food from a can.  More is not always better the serving size could easily have fed six grown adults.
Meh - it's not that there was anything bad about the pizza, it just didn't blow me away or anything.  Good for a quick lunch at the counter.
Worst. Service. Ever.  The woman who runs the register seems disinterested in working and completely irritated by the presence of customers.  Hopefully she is somehow related to ownership , since that would at least explain her continued employment.  The pizza itself is very good.  A bit pricey, but huge slices.  And it's a good thing, because worst.service.ever.
Well as others have noted, the customer service is a bit dicey. I ordered a steak and cheese hoagie and it arrived in a burnt bun. The portion size was large however they uses some type of generic wafer  thin steak.   It tasted OK. Nothing to rave about and at 11 bucks for a flat Coke and the mediocre steak and cheese I really can't recommend the place. I may try the pizza but other reviews noted it was pricy.   On a side note, the staff could spend less time talking hockey, politics, and general bull jive and look after the customers. No refills, no checks on the food, nothing. Had I not flagged the waitress with my card I would have waited to pay as well.
I took my parents here because it's one of their favorite places, but I wasn't that impressed.  The service was impeccable, but the food - not much different than Outback or Texas Roadhouse.
As early 90's rapper Tone-Loc once said "Let's do it."  Unless you have spent your first 20 years or so in a subterranean nuclear fall out bunker, odds are you know of Ruth's Chris. The legendary steakhouse is supposedly the final word in steak outside of NYC and Texas. If this is the case then my oh my how the mighty have fallen. I have been to several Ruth's Chris locations around the PA, NY, and NJ area, but the one here in Market Square is truly a disappointment.   When I go to a real steakhouse, like Peter Luger's, or the Old Homestead, or any other Ruth's Chris location I have visited, I expect to pay top dollar for top dollar steaks. I will never complain about the price so long as I feel as if the quality and quantity of food as well as the dining experience I recieve is fair in proportion to what I pay. The cheapest steak in the M2 Ruth's Chris will run you about thirty dollars. Normally, this would not be a problem had the establishment lived up to its reputation. Sadly, however, they did not.  First, let's start with the decor. Ruth's Chris is a chain, first and foremost. That being said all locations are going to have the same basic look: old wood, magnum wine bottles, white tableclothes and red walls. I expect this sort of thing in a steakhouse. They are the last holdouts from the old industrial capitalist era. I feel as if I were to walk in, I might see Andrew Carneghie or John Rockefeller sitting at the bar discussing how unffair anti-trust legislation is.  Continuing with the bar, Ruth's Chris offers a fantastic wine selection that has a pleasant mixture of affordable, yet quality, choices as well as a few that would cost me six months' rent. They also have a decent coctail menu, no doubt created by a corporate mixologist, that I must say is good. My girlfriend is not a fan because she can actually taste the alcohol in the majority of the concoctions, but I think that is a good thing. The bar is about the only place where you get the quality for the money you are spending.  The most dissappointing aspect about my last few visits have been the steaks. Ruth's Chris is known for basting their steaks in butter, which I do like. Fat is deliscious and that is proof enough for me that we are meant to eat it. This is where the goodness ends. On my second to last visit, a member of my party was served a rancid steak. The server tried to say it was dry-aged, but dry-aging does not produce a metallic, green beef. On my most recent visit, I was served a filet mignon that was tough. I have no idea how they were able to serve a tough portion of the least used muscle on the cow, but they did.  All of this brings me back to the service. I understand you are working in a fine dining, expensive steakhouse. I get that you throw down $300 plust dollar checks thirty or so times a night. I get that you are on first name basis with the Pens, Bucs, and Steelers that call themselves your regulars. That does not make me chop liver. I feel that if you are not wearing at least $3,000 worth of clothes or accessories, the staff will basically ignore you.  The saving grace to the place would be the bar and decor I already mentioned, and the sides. Ruth's Chris, like most fine dining establishments runs an a la carte menu. The sides are usually very very good. I like the sauteed mushrooms, sauteed spinache, lyonaise potatoes, macaroni and cheese, and the wedge salad.  All in all, this place gets a two in my book. I think that this is kind of sad given the fact that I was hoping to give them a five, but the quality of the food compared to what you pay just is not up to standard. For $250 I can feed and booze six friends at my house instead of me and my girlfriend at Ruth's Chris.
ok I am trying to catch up on my reviews and since coming back from vaca in great SF and I have jetlag with nothing else to at the moment, I am trying to do just that. My husband and I have eaten at RCSH over the years and with each visit the service has gotten increasingly worse! The food is wonderful as always but really with our dinners averaging 200 plus tip I believe the service should be topnotch. What happened RC???? WE LOVE your food but can't justify the prices with service so bad. We should not have to keep looking around for our waiter for a drink refill and we told numerous times we would like bread with our meal and when we brought it up to him, his reply was, "oh the bread is done yet" and no reply about the drinks...sad...too busy talking with the other staff(this did happen last October, before the Yo-yo Ma concert we attended) Hey, maybe they have improved..but ah we are not taking anymore chances with this place!
I took my parents out to celebrate the Christmas season.  My mother ordered the petite filet mignon, which she thought was very good.  The sides we ordered - mashed potatoes and creamed spinach, were also good.  However, my father and I shared the porterhouse for two.  For $90, I would have expected a much better piece of meat.  Flavor was good, but It was tough.  There were some pieces which could not be cut by my knife.  In addition, the presentation was poor.  They put a big plate in the center of the table, then cut up the steak into 10 or 12 cubes.  These cubes were then cooked.  I could have done better at home.
I'm really torn by this review. For years and years this was my favorite restarant in the downtown area. We went there last Saturday for dinner and had what I would deem an average meal at exorbitant prices. The salads, while tasty, were much smaller than I had remembered previously.  The side dishes, again, were seemingly smaller to not only me but our party as well. Unfortunately, the worst part of my meal were the steaks. For $45 I received a New York Strip that was WAY overpriced (my wife makes it all the time and much much better) and was, in a word, chewy. The service overall, was quite good, unless you like a car valet (they don't have it). Next time I'll try Morton's or Capital Grille.
Good steak if you don't get out much.  Not nearly as good as the price would lead you to believe.  Ruth's Chris will never be a Morton's or a Gibson's.  While Pittsburgh does not have a Gibson's, you should really go to Morton's.    The atmosphere is alright, the drinks moderately stiff, and the salad was great...  But one is supposed to come here for steak.   Regrettably, my last two trips (I wasn't paying... hence why I went back) gave me a piece of beef like my late grandma would cook in her oven's broiler with butter.  For a $50 strip, I would expect it to be more like the hand cut, unfrozed meat I make for my grilling parties.  As such, I would rather fire my grill up in December than give Ruth's Chris more money for mediocrity.  Good Talk.
Hostess: 1.0 Bartender/ waiter: 2 Food: 3 Property: style decor ambiance: 2  When did they start storing their stuffed olives in Styrofoam cups?
So many people have raved about this place so I was so excited to bring my husband for his birthday. We were greeted by friendly staff and walked through the room that smelled of wonderful steak. We were seated and our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable. Everything was fine until we got the food which was disappointing. I ordered off the special menu and had the corn chowder, a filet and lobster tail, a side of creamed spinach and dessert for about $55. My husband had the cowboy ribeye for $65, the scallops to start and a side of brussel sprouts.   The corn chowder was ok but not very hot. The scallops which came recommended were ok but they were on a pesto sauce which was simply too overpowering for the delicate scallop. We used the pesto to dip the bread in. The steaks came and were both overcooked. They were supposed to be medium rare but my filet was well done and his was more like medium. We should have complained but we decided to just eat bc we didn't want to wait and didn't think that they would be less well done since they come on a scorching hot plate. My husband liked the brussel sprouts but my creamed spinach was not hot and was stringy.   Again, the food was mediocre but the staff was extremely friendly. I booked on opentable and told them that it was his birthday and they did bring him a complimentary dessert. I prefer Morton's, Ditkas and Peter Luger's.
I have eaten at a lot of Ruth's Chris joints.  This was the only place where nothing tasted like any of them.  Apparently not part of the main chain and it shows.   Fail on all levels.  Had to send steak back twice before I just said to hell with it.  Horrible.
Oldies are dying fast in the burgh. In order to keep up with the times, these classics just don't pass for the high end classy place to go anymore.   I ordered the special which was a sea bass. My cousin ordered the same but her portion was easily double mine. Plus they have the worst presentation ever!!!!!! How can you send out just a piece of fish or steak on a plate. I get the whole family style but a small mini plate with my fish on it is just depressing.   Think of it... If you own a restaurant what is your ultimate goal. Have the customer remember the meal, right? Well when someone serves me a tiny portion of fish for $38... There is nothing worth remembering but how lonely my fish was on the plate.   Oh yeah I had to eat my asparagus off a side plate. The asparagus was twice the size of the plate. Really....  The wife had a steak. The plate was 100 degrees and the oil was bubbling on the plate. They clearly used too much oil and did not let the meat rest. Cause when she was done the plate was a grosssssss oily bloody mess.   The severs need some basic training. Serve from the left and clear from the right!!!! Basics.... Come on. I expect these things from a high end place.   Never going back!
Wow.  How far we have fallen.  This place used to be THE best steaks in town.  Went here last night for a friends birthday.  Our bill was over $400.  Tip was $120.  We are all in the business.  What a disappointment.  Mine and my buddies $52 ribeye were med well to well done after ordering it medium.  We don't complain, we just eat it.  The lobster mac had 3 pieces of lobster in it with some melted cheese on top of Kraft Mac noodles.  $22!!!  Really??  Service was OK.  I get it, it was a Tuesday night, but charging this much and not getting anywhere close on delivery is a shame.  We counted 32 covers last night from 730-945 when we left.  With quality and service down I'm not surprised.  With 55 years experience between the four of us in the business and owning 2 establishments in Pittsburgh, we were very dissatisfied.  This is the "service" industry and you missed the mark tonight.  Sorry Ruths Chris, I work Wed-Sat nights and the only time we get to go out is Sun-Tue and if this is the best you have to offer, you need to step up your game even if it is an "off" night.
I brought my boots here to get fixed. They did a good job however the lady was extremely rude when I came to pick them up. I won't be going here again.
Boy do I have a few things to say about this place.  We had a large group before a theater show and I was excited to try a new place.  It's conveniently located for all downtown events.  They also have happy hour which is always nice.  Our large group was seated in a back room with two waiters.  One had about 40 years working there, the other had 2 months.  I got the one with 2 months, go figure.  I'm on a budget right now and pretty healthy, so I planned ahead to get a caesar salad.  I decided at the time to add "shrimp" (quoted on the menu as $2.50) and get a side of vegetables.  Now, the waiter said a lot of the dishes came with vegetables.  So I can order a side of them, right?  WRONG.  After I ordered, the waiter came back twice.  Once to tell me that they couldn't do the veggies.  Uh, what?  The second time to ask me how many shrimp I wanted.  hmm.  And he never refilled my water or asked if I wanted a drink.  So our food comes out and my salad is LEAVES and DRESSING.  Period.  The End.  Oh, with 3 pitiful shrimp on top.  That's it.  There was the powder parmesan on the table which I added myself.  So now I have 3 half broken, unseasoned, boiled shrimp with tails, lettuce and dressing.  Actually, everyone's food looked rather 'sad'.  Oh, but wait until I got my bill!!!  My lettuce, 3 pitiful shrimp, and self added powder parmesan was $18!!!!  The shrimp were $2.50 A PIECE.  For real real.  I wanted to throw down.  I could have had the salmon platter plus pasta for that.  What a rip off and so much for my budget.    We had a big group but  my bill didn't have the tip added.  I was not happy with our idiot novice server so my tip would have been small.  Well, he brought me the credit card receipt and wrote in a tip himself.  Get me out of here!  Oh and because we were a 'group' they wouldn't accept one woman's coupon.  Weird.  The place is cool.  It's an old brothel and it's fun to look around.  But the upstairs is about 40 degrees colder than the downstairs.  The place is dated, but I liked it.  Intimate and creeky.  But jeez, go just for happy hour or a drink.  Don't put yourself through the misery and expense of what they call dinner.
I'm not quite sure what happened to Papa J's in the past year.... I remember always being delighted with my lunches in the past.  When a coworker suggested this last week, I was really excited to go back.  As soon as we sat down, everyone noticed all the dead fruit flies on the table. Yuck.  Our waiter was very friendly and attentive.  He did mess up one order though, but she decided just to eat what they mistakenly gave her.    I had the Chicken Piccata.  I just love this dish.  My boyfriend's version is pretty top notch, so Papa J's had some high standards to live up to.  It was just meh.  The chicken wasn't very well seasoned and the sauce was overpowered by lemon.  All I could taste was citrus.    I also had a few bites of the Chicken Marsala.  Not sure the ingredients they used in this sauce, but holy crap was it sweet.  Really glad I didn't order that dish, I wouldn't have been able to eat it!  I was really disappointed with this visit.  We probably won't be back any time soon.
We wanted to check out the gay scene in Pittsburgh and since we were staying downtown this seemed like a great place. Positives: doorman was nice and they played good music.   Negatives: the lighting, the decor and the smoking. The smoking was really disgusting actually as the smell lingered in our hair and our clothes after we left; I think they should consider opening up a little smoking area, just a thought. As for drinks, we ordered lemon drop martinis and I know, this is so far from being a martini bar, but the bartender did a pretty great job.  Glad we went, but we won't go back.
For a place called Mon Amiee, this is the un-friendliest place I've ever shopped.  The elderly couple who oversee the premises make you feel as if you're about to commit a chocolate faux pas at any moment.  Come on, a smile would help.    The selection here is stellar, but the prices are ridiculously high.  You can get the same stuff at World Market for $2 less a bar.  Even Whole Foods is less expensive.    Nice gellato.  Good Chocolates. Expensive.  Grim staff.
Talk about sucking the fun out of what, by nature, should be nothing but rainbows and sunshine and unicorns.  The staffer working here on our visit was so sour and unwelcoming that husband and I turned right around and walked out.  Too bad, too, because the place looked adorable and was packed wall-to-wall with unique confections of the chocolate persuasion.  Even the pedagogical Oompa Loompas loosened up and danced every now and again.
great selection, nice store. Prices are high . I wish there was a courtesy card given for frequent big spenders.   THey pack t hings up well in summer m onths with ice if needed.  I really wish they had samples because I dont want to buy a $15 bar if I wont like it......  2 times i went there and they had NO hot chocolate...  TOday, Jan 7th I am calling them but no answer to their phones to see if they are open  The service is most often rude. Owners just are not welcoming
I can only review the nonpareils and truffle sampler.   The nonpareils are very low quality dark chocolate and for 14.00 per pound definitely not worth it.   The truffles had two salted, one of which was milk chocolate.  They were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through.  I have to assume that the chocolate with  name brand wrappers are better than the ones they make in house.
I love going to the Strip and supporting the businesses in the neighborhood but you couldn't give me the produce from this place! Yes, it is cheaper but it's sort of like you get what you pay for here.   This summer I really noticed the items they put out on the street had mold right on it and very noticeable. One item in particular was their strawberries. I would think if your whole operation is selling produce you would take more pride in it. I tend to hit the farmer's market or Right By Nature. Yeah it's extra but I'd rather get better, quality food.
Stan's has great prices OUTSIDE mostly because they things they have prepacked are spoiled and moldy or will be tomorrow.  Inside is just average quality, equally average priced produce.
Cheap, everyone seems to say that.  And it's true.  But I wasn't feeling it here.  I for one did not want to dig through the dirty to find the golden product.  I know it's in the strip, but I didn't appreciate the amount of bugs flying around me as I was browsing the produce.    This will probably be a place I just walk by the next time I'm in the strip.  I did not enjoy it here at all.
Needs a huge makeover!  We were greeted very warmly by one of the ice cream technicians.  Although we did determine that she was a bit over the top by the end of our experience.  The parlor looked nothing like the pictures on this website.  The technician was telling us how it was closed and had just reopened.  It had the old time feel of a parlor back in the day but was very empty inside.  The character of the place was great but could use a little TLC.  The menu was very small and hard to read and understand.  It was only posted above the counter and the ice cream technician told us to take a seat.  Good thing I am far sighted!    The ice cream technician could only take one order at a time.  She made my guest their ice cream first.  I ordered mine, chocolate, and cried vanilla.  She didn't listen at all.  I didn't return it because we had already been there for about 30 minutes and were running late at this point.  I gave them a 2 star instead of 1 because the actual flavor of the ice cream was pretty good, vanilla or chocolate.  I adde strawberries to mine and received the typical strawberry topping.  I figured palace like this would have made their own strawberry topping.  The price was outrageous by my standards.  2 sundaes were $12.  We would probably try this place again if we were around but not making any special trips.
Klavon's was a miss for my son and me. We came on a Saturday afternoon after walking the strip district. When we entered there were lots of people and and no structure for procedure in ordering. We sat at the bar and waited 5 mins or more to be acknowledged by employees who were making ice cream 24 inches away from us. Literally they kept their heads down and refused to make eye contact. Just when I was about to get up and leave a lady said I'll be with you in a minute thanks for your patience. So I decided to stay and listen to her complain to another employee about a customer who changed her order from cake cone to waffle cone. Maybe that's a thing here in PGH or just the establishments I walk into where employees openly complain about customers in front of other customers. My son only wanted a scoop of ice cream and I had a 1 scoop hot fudge sundae. Some how the total came to $7.38 for that. The ice cream was icy like the kind you would buy in those gallon buckets.   Too bad. It's the kind of place that should be a treat not a 2 star review. Oh, the two stars were for the candy selection and old timey feel of the place.
Giving this place 2 stars because I like the ice cream but after my last experience I really want to give it 1.   On Wednesday, I called at around 6:30 pm and asked how late they would be open. I was told 9:00 pm. I went at 8:15 pm and it was closed! Why would you give me a closing time and close so much earlier?   I called the next day to ask what happened. I could understand if an emergency came up, but nope! I was told that they had no customers for two hours and they decided to close early. I'm sorry you didn't have customers that day but you can't just close whenever you feel like it, at least adjust the timings and tell people the hours accordingly.   TL;DR: I drove 25 minutes in both directions just to see a closed sign on the door even after I called to confirm hours, so disappointing.
Giving this place 2 stars because I like the ice cream but after my last experience I really want to give it 1.   On Wednesday, I called at around 6:30 pm and asked how late they would be open. I was told 9:00 pm. I went at 8:15 pm and it was closed! Why would you give me a closing time and close so much earlier?   I called the next day to ask what happened. I could understand if an emergency came up, but nope! I was told that they had no customers for two hours and they decided to close early. I'm sorry you didn't have customers that day but you can't just close whenever you feel like it, at least adjust the timings and tell people the hours accordingly.   TL;DR: I drove 25 minutes in both directions just to see a closed sign on the door even after I called to confirm hours, so disappointing.
I have only visited here once before, years ago, and I  was really looking forward to a nice treat with my husband tonight. While the physical parlor is lovely, the overall experience was not impressive.  We took seats on the very cool antique stools, but then we told we had to walk over to the register to order. This was fine, but a little odd as it was maybe 10 yards away. Just kind of awkward, but no big deal.  We looked at the menu, and I was pretty surprised by the prices. A regular ice cream cone was $4. That is more than I have paid for ultra gourmet cones elsewhere, and these flavors were not exactly cutting edge.    I ordered the cookie monster sundae, which is cookie dough ice cream, Oreos, and hot fudge. My regular 2 scoop sundae was $5.75, which seemed like an awful lot. Disappointingly, it was 2 small scoops, which contained exactly one piece of cookie dough. One. There was no whipped cream and cherry, which I perhaps foolishly assumed would come on a sundae. And I never thought I would say these words, but there was too much hot fudge. So much that it immediately melted and overwhelmed the ice cream, and not in a good way.  My husband got a butter pecan cone. He said that it was just vanilla ice cream with chunks of candied pecans tossed in. Tasty, but not real butter pecan.   The servers were friendly enough, and it is undeniably cool to look at the old pharmacy bottles, telephone booths, and other decor. The new owners need to realize that they could have something truly wonderful if the quality of the ice cream matched the quality of the surroundings.
PROS: Italian hoagie was delicious.  Friendly counter employee. The restaurant was clean and neat.   CONS: The pizza was not good.  Pre-formed crust, NOT fresh dough.  The price of the failure of a pizza WAS NOT CHEAP EITHER.    I guess the name says it all.  Get the hoagie, pass on the pizza.
We checked this place out this past Monday for their wing night. We have heard that their wings are great and decided it was finally time to check it out. Their wings are whole wings and crispy, which is a nice change of pace. I got their wet Cajun sauce and garlic butter wings. The Cajun did not have a bold enough flavor for me and their sauce is too thin. The sauce was also thin for the garlic butter, but that is more expected. They were better than average, but I don't like seeing all the sauce resting at the bottom of the boat. I would definitely come try this place out again to sample some of the other items on the menu, but this will probably not become a regular stop for wings anytime soon.
Decent range somewhat close to the city.  The mats are pretty solid; however, the grass range needs to be tended too.  It's like hitting out of US Open type rough...not very amenable to practicing.  Which kind of defeats the purpose of going to a golf range...Still gets 3 stars because the range is lit up at night which is excellent for those of us who are addicted to this amazing game, but are somewhat short on time (having a job kinda sucks sometimes, no?).
I wouldnt say the best fish sandwich ive ever had...definitely a huge portion but rather bland and nothing special. Very nice people and good service but i would largely disagree with most of the reviews here. Atmosphere was quite drab, classic western pa corner bar but no windows, poorly lit, and overall fairly dismal.... Clientele seemed to be on deaths door, missing limbs and morbidly obese. Fries were frozen and under cooked. Meatballs were dry and bland as well. I had high hopes but left feeling disappointed, defeated, bloated and like i had swallowed the entire rustbelt in one bite...
Good for cheap drinks and wings, they offer daily specials which is nice.   Doesnt look like much from outside but the inside is friendly enough, the bartenders have been there for awhile and do a good job. Dont expect to have a HUGE selection of alcohol.   Their wings are good as are their salads. If you are gluten free this is not your place...lots of fried food and sandwiches.  Offers a quick lunch.
Good beer selection. Understaffed for a light Monday night crowd, it wasn't her fault she was the only server. But it took about an hour to get our sandwiches. Mine was one of the best reubens I've ever had.
We met a couple of friends there on a Friday afternoon about 440 pm, based on the Yelp reviews. I've relied on Yelp in over a dozen different cities, never came away with anything less than a positive experience until today.   We ordered within 5 minutes of sitting down, there couldn't have been more than 20 people in the place, counting the people on the patio.  Took them almost 40 minutes to serve 3 sandwiches and a salad. I tried the fish sandwich, came out fried extra crispy on the ends, if there is such a thing as fish jerky a third of the sandwich would have qualified, it was just ok. I've had better at almost any church that fries fish during Lent.   All 3 of my dinner companions left partial sandwiches  or salad uneaten. Bread french fries and onion rings were good though. Iced tea was good, though I've never seen a place dispense sweet n low like they were giving away their last rock of crack. Asked for sugar but never saw any, they don't carry any other artificial sweeteners besides the pink stuff.  I may give the place another try in the future for a Reuben or hamburger, assuming today was some aberration possibly due to a cook having a family emergency or something like that. Waitress was pretty good, held up under my multiple requests to find out if they caught my fish yet, hardly ever rolled her eyes :)
The bar is nice enough the servers are attentive enough the food is good enough. Their is absolutely nothing wrong with this place but the problem is it is not a place that will stick out from the crowd. It's kind of lost in the crowd. Pittsburgh is a city full of bars this one is relaxed. It's a great neighborhood bar. And I would come back but it is not a wow that is a great place.  It's just good enough
Friendly local bar with great service and good food,  won't be disappointed if you like bar food at a reasonable price.  Good place to go for "Friday fish sandwich "
I went to Alexions with a co-worker/friend for lunch during lent.  First impression, it was small and packed.  This is apparently a very popular lunch stop.  They have a nice outdoor seating section, but it was closed due to the weather.    I opted for their Friday special a fish sandwich with cheese, hold the cheese.  I hate cheese on fish, in my mind it doesn't go well together.  It came with one side and chips.  I opted for cole slaw because that does go great with fish.  The chips were straight out of a bag.  I am not a chip fan, especially not one that Lay's delivered.  It would have been nice to have homemade chips.  The special was 10.50, so I was hoping it would be good.  The wait wasn't terrible for as busy as they were, but if you're on a strict time schedule for lunch I'd call ahead.  The food arrived in about 20 minutes.  My fish sandwich though nice size was a little small for the price, compared to other's that are cheaper.  The slaw was nice, good flavor but the fish was average.  I loaded it up with some tarter and cocktail sauce to help the flavor out.  It wasn't a bad sandwich just a tad small and mediocre for the price.  I would stop back to try something else another time and would love to grab a beer here, as they had a really decent selection, and the servers were also pleasant.
I'm not by any means a gear head, I'm lucky I know where to put the gas in my car. I have Triple A in case I get a flat, because I have no idea where my jack is. I took my present car back to the dealership the day after driving it off the lot to have them show me how to turn on my hazard signal, also, to show me how to release the parking brakes, and how to turn on the rear defoggers. Yes, the owners manual was in the glove box, but there was way too much reading involved, and I learn quicker by hands on training.  Advanced Auto is a God send for me, when I needed windshield wipers, the ones on the car sounded like a cow being skinned alive each time I turned them on. So, I didn't use them often, which isn't good in a driving rain storm. I walked in and went up to an associate and asked him where the wipers were. Not only did he get me the wipers, he saved me a ton of embarrassment by putting them on for me at no extra charge. I gave him a nice tip which he refused, but I insisted. I also picked up a nice leather steering wheel cover (proud to say I figured out how to put that on without a mechanic!) and a gas additive to clean out my fuel system.   This place has everything, and if you're not a gear head, they'll either show you how or do it for you. Great customer service!
I actually stopped at the one at the Crafton Ingram shopping center but they are all basically the same.   I had been here earlier this year to get replacement wiper blades. The man who helped me not only gave me his recommendation on what would be good for winter driving but also put them on my car.  Today's visit was to purchase some general car supplies as a holiday gift. They carry basically everything you need for self service. I'm not overly sure on their pricing but since it is convenient for me I visit it.  So far I've been pleased with my purchases.
I have never seen a restaurant that has a frowning brownie (a.k.a. Frownie) as their icon, mascot, or spokesperson.  King's Family Restaurant has surprised me with this.  I think it might be in direct dialogue with Eat N' Parks smiling cookie -- funny (funny odd, not funny ha-ha).  We were seated rather quickly by the manager.  Very nice people work here, I was happy to find that even though they had closed a section, the server was willing to stay longer to serve us our dinner.  We chatted with the server a little bit -- she was quite engaging -- and then moved on to order our meal:  Tea Pepsi Open-faced Hot Turkey Sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy Buffalo Chicken strips with mashed potatoes and macaroni n' cheese  Our drinks arrived and our server conversed with us some more about the area.  She would leave every couple of minutes to check on our food and to make certain that her other tables had everything they needed.  Eventually, our entrees arrived -- both piping hot.  I went straight for the macaroni and cheese.  It didn't taste bad, but I swear that it is made by Stouffers.  I didn't feel the need to eat that much knowing that there were other things to eat.  I tried the mashed potatoes and found that they too came from a package; but, again, they didn't taste bad with the brown gravy.  I moved on to the main part of my meal -- the buffalo chicken strips.  At least they were all white meat and the buffalo sauce was more than just mild.  I contented myself with eating them.    I tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it was not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated.  I finished off my dinner and was happy in the end.  No, it wasn't the best food in the world, but the service greatly helped the perception and it didn't taste bad.
So... back in the late 90s, there used to be this super-kick-ass cinnamon ice cream, like an apple pie ice cream without the apples or the pie crust.  SO DELICIOUS!  However, NOW there is some shit-tastic replacement that tastes like vanilla ice cream with last year's red-hot in the middle: totally gross.  Fortunately, our server was nice enough to warn me about the change and bring me a sample, so I only had to suffer the death of a childhood memory rather than also having to pay for it.  The portions are big and filling, just don't come for the ice cream.
Breakfast Time!  I stopped by the Kings Family Restaurant prior to grocery shopping.    I have never been to a Kings Family Restaurant since moving to Pittsburgh.   There are several local establishments.  This particular location has pretty good food at a great price.   It is similar to a Cracker Barrel and / or Bob Evans.   I ordered something very hearty - Country Fried Steak , Eggs, and Cheesy Potatoes.  The food and coffee were good.    The service was excellent.   I will go back.    Breakfast runs from $5-8.     My breakfast cost me just over $10 - very comparable to Cracker Barrel / Bob Evans.
Good service but the last 2 times we've gone there have been hairs in my son's kids meal.. A bit disappointing.
Not bad for a Shop N Save, most are privately owned, so availability of items might differ from place to place. The only time I frequent S n S is when the have their huge two day sales usually held on Thursday and Friday at least once month.  Good bakery at this location too.
Unfortunately, I only have one complaint about this dry cleaners. It was well kept and clean inside. The man waiting on me (I'm guessing the owner) was very nice, both dropping off and picking up, even though I lost my ticket. Turn around time was OK for a cleaners that don't do cleaning on premises. What's my problem then? Price. My daughter's dress was $18 to clean. I think that's close to what I paid for it. My ladies shirts were $6/unit. Maybe I'm not calibrated on Pgh prices but this seems outrageous. My search continues for a neighborhood cleaners. BTW, they do men's tailoring there on-site and it looks like it might be a big part of their business. I would try them again for that (after I check costs!)
Typical BP. Usually pretty crowded in the evening due to location on Washington but never had to wait to long. Staff is pretty nice and always pleasant. Can't comment on the coffee or anything else because I only ever get gas.
I have been to this place a million times over the years. Have been there during the years it was less than clean, to the present where it is almost clean. This place is a neighborhood standard that for some reason compels you to return, even if your experience was less than stellar. Fancy it is not. Gourmet it is definitely not. Every item on the menu seems to come from a can, bag ,bucket or box. The wait staff is often clueless and changes like the wind. I have never had the same server twice. But the fact is you get a decent meal for a decent price and always have a little to take home. Yes, the salad bar is very basic. Not every item is a fresh as it should be. The iced tea often takes on the taste of Lord knows what. However,  the fried fish dinner is one of the best I have had anywhere in Picksburg. Their meatloaf is terrific as are several of their hoagies. In a nutshell, this place has a lot of flaws. Like we all do. A few upgrades like a better wait staff, fresh gravy instead of their gallon bucket brand, homemade sauce instead of whatever canned stuff they are using would jump this review to 5 stars. Rocky's is worth going to. You will definitely find something you like and you will definitely go back. Decent food, decent price, good portions and an overall pleasant experience.
If you want a true understanding of Pittsburgh in the morning, come here. This greasy spoon is always packed, and is one of the better of its kind south of the city.  They serve waffles in halves, which is great. The eggs and toast are good, the homemade hot sausage is excellent. The drawback are the barely cooked potatoes.  If you're hungry, get "The Mixed Grill"... Gab and Eat's brand of the "kitchen sink" breakfast that all Midwest places are about.
OK, what is with all of these "CASH ONLY" places in Pittsburgh? I can appreciate that some smaller businesses might have trouble installing a credit card system in their store/resturant, but could you perhaps provide an ATM?  In the past, this would deter me from eating at this place.   Looking at a standard breakfast menu, I decided to go with a tuna melt instead. What I got was a cold tuna salad sandwich with a slice of cheese on toast. I had ordered a melt being in the mood for a warm meal, but to no avail. One day later I can't even remember what my side was. I suppose it didn't leave much of an impression on me.  I have to say that the dessert was really good! The cherry pecan pie! I have not seen this concoction anywhere else but this was awesome! The cherries were not the sweet canned variety, but a pie worthy tart topped with sugar. I think I want to make this pie with my parents next harvest of our cherry tree!  My first impression is "Eh."  I am learning how crazy Pittsburghers are over breakfast! Seriously, waiting 30 minutes for a table at a tiny diner with a menu that reads as follows:    "2 eggs and toast $x.xx" "2 eggs, meat, and toast $x.xx" "2 eggs and pancake $x.xx"  I'd rather go to a Denny's and order the "create your own Grand Slam!"
Really just OK. It was chaotic and no one alerted us to whether we should seat ourselves or wait to be seated, and when we tried to ask a woman working behind the counter, she gave us a dirty look like we weren't welcome there. Eventually we just sat down and someone came by to take our order. The server was nice enough, but wasn't very quick with the coffee refills - I finished my first cup slowly and then it sat empty for about five minutes. Food was ok, but not amazing. We got the mixed grill and a pancake, and both were solid but not outstanding.  Not a bad place to go, but we probably won't go out of our way to go here again, either.
This place is divey but cute. The food is obviously not five-star, but it's a great place if you want to get a good, hearty breakfast. We went there for lunch and got burgers...oddly enough the server said that they don't sell French Fries on Sundays.....? So we had to settle for home fries. I thought it was a little weird at first, but damn, those home fries were good! I didn't even care after that. The coffee is great too! It's a unique little place. It's basically one long strip of a kitchen, then booths set up right beside it! They also have a pretty cool breakfast bar where you can sit and watch them grill all of the food to order. The coffee cups didn't match - they were all Christmas mugs lol - they have a wall in the back where you can sign your name with a dry erase marker, and they have little trivia boards on the wall just for fun. It's definitely a place of it's own kind. The prices are very reasonable, and I would definitely go back again.
I stopped in here due to a change in luncheon plans. Upon arrival the wait to be seated was horrific! Someone pointed to an empty counter stool so I sat there. I perused the menu fairly quick and decided to order half portions. I hadn't had a waffle in ages and I love home fries.  Since they both came in half portions I went with those. My waitress made sure I always had a fresh cup of hot tea since I was sitting near the entrance. It seemed like a long production line to wait for your order but it did not disappoint. When I got my half orders I was overwhelmed at the size!  The waffle was thick and fluffy and the home fries which bore a resemblance to hash browns were hot and greasy. Ketchup is on the counter as well as syrup. Yes they use real butter here since I could observe one of the chefs using a giant slab of it in preparation of orders.  I definitely plan to revisit this place when I have more time to try different things. My advice would be to prepare to take home a doggy bag since they give huge portions even if they are half size. The best part is that prices here are very reasonable and you can get a lot of food for what you order.  Gab and Eat is located in a small strip mall just on the cusp of the entrance to Carnegie. It is easy to miss if you are looking for a particular building.
My husband and I tried this place for the first time today. It was easy to find and no problems with parking. It's "Seat Yourself", but there were no signs stating this, so we stood there looking like fools for a minute. It took awhile for the waitress to acknowledge us and I'm guessing that this was Barb. She apologized and said that one of her workers called off today. No big deal and her apology was appreciated. She came back with our drinks, dropped them off, and left again. We didn't see her for another 20 minutes. Ultimately, we were there for 30 minutes before she took our order. This was aggravating to me. I don't mind waiting for my food if I know it's going to be awesome and they're making it with love, but come on now. We ordered the hot pepper omelette/home fries/ toast and chocolate chip pancakes/sausage. The food was alright, really nothing special. A new waitress ended up taking care of us and she was much more attentive. We may or may not go back.
For the price I ended up paying, this place was fine. There was a full kitchen, king bed and TV. I was just surprised at the lack of amenities at the hotel. While I have stayed at other extended stay hotels, I was surprised to find a sign in the room at this one stating that you only got your room cleaned once per week...if you wanted it more often than that you would have to pay for it. If you needed fresh towels, you'd have to go to the main desk to get them. They also only provided a small bar of soap in the room...not the typical soap, shampoo, lotion, etc. This didn't bother me too much as I was only staying a couple days but again I found it surprising not to have these basic things.   The hotel in general was easy to get to and very easy to get back onto to freeway from. The hotel was clean and the people who worked there were very nice.
Front desk gets 4 starts  However, if you're looking for a good night of sleep, you may not get it.  The refrigerator made a lot of noise at night every time the compress kicked on.  Likewise with the air conditioner.  If you didn't bring a hair dryer, you'll have to get it at the front desk.  There's a sofa bed but no extra pillows nor blankets.
3/6/12  visit -  i am from san francisco bay area and if u want a dive go to china town in san francisco. - this place was dirty like chinatown dive but some of the best food i have every tasted came from a dive. the food was really good and my group ordered a bunch of different things it was all good- a- taste.- prices are reasonable a-. --------they dont speak english very good and got my order wrong. sweet potatoe fries a+ pizza  - a eggplant hoagie b+ greek salad b+ gyro a+ if they scrubbed the place down and the lady spoke better english 4 star ****
Are you are really looking at the review for LJS?  Its fried stuff, with extra fried stuff in a cardboard boat.  You will regret eating it 30 minutes after you finish, but it is delicious.
I agree with Paul on this one. But I had to stop here on my way home from work tonight.  (I think I feel my heart yelling at me again) , The gal at the drive thru window was just soooo sweet , I just might go back and ask her to marry me!  But then again , she gave me a slip with a survey on it to fill out online.  Maybe she just wanted my positive response. Ok Sarah B. you got it ... now where's my free coke ?
My family (husband and 3 young children) have been seeing Dr. Weinberg for a few years. We've never had an issue. She's great with the kids, even my 6 year old who has autism. Scheduling and rescheduling appts is "fine", the wait time is fine, the care is fine. Basically I have had no issues, but I haven't had my socks blown off either. It's the dentist, it is what it is. I do find the dentist to be a bit frazzles, but we've never had an issue.
Don Don is a restaurant I find myself missing now and again, it's probably my favorite restaurant in Carnegie. Simple setup, just a small restaurant with a few tables and a TV. Oddly enough I think my favorite thing to eat there is the wonton soup, never had better. The food is average but I always enjoyed eating there, great service and a cheap place to get Chinese food.
I came here with two friends prior to visiting Apis Meadery next door this past weekend.  I ordered the General Tso's chicken, and my friends ordered the sesame chicken, crab rangoon, and another appetizer (egg rolls?).  They ordered the combo with less meat, and I ordered the one with more--the names were very similar, which I found confusing. The food took quite a while to come up (~15 min.), so I'd suggest calling ahead if you're in a rush.  While we were waiting, the woman behind the counter yelled at someone over the phone in Chinese, and then at a guy who came in to pick up food for delivery (probably the same person).  To be honest, I'm not much of a fan of Americanized Chinese cuisine (I lived in Singapore for 3 mos. and have visited Hong King and Japan); it's been awhile since I've had it, and this dish reminded me why.  I don't care for the overbearing sweetness and thickness of the sauce, nor do I care for the pre-cut meat in the dishes (I like to cut up my own meat, thank you very much), so the flavors and textures don't do much for me.  Having said that, my friends claimed this was the best Americanized Chinese fare they'd had in PGH (and they live in Squirrel Hill!), so if you're a fan of this cuisine, you can take that into consideration.  If nothing else, this meal provided us with some much-needed food to absorb the alcohol from the mead, which I appreciated.
Dude... it's Denny's. It's excellent drunk food, packed on Sunday mornings, not very good.. but not really bad either. It's Denny's. When you walk into a Denny's.. you know exactly what you're getting into. Why the heck are you even reading reviews about a Denny's? That's like looking for reviews on an ice cream truck, you're getting the same thing no matter which one you choose.
Got seated right away and the staff was very pleasant. One of the cleaner Denny's I have been to.  I ordered a burger, fries, and a shake and all were really good and cooked just right. Denny's has always been one of my favorite casual dining restaurants, so this one is worth a visit when you are in the area.
I've been to Papa J's twice and had mixed experiences.  Both times I had the banana pepper appetizer, which is great and goes really well with the FRESH and delicious bread and cheese they give you at the start of your meal.  For entrees, me and my girlfriend have had mixed experience.  I've had the fish sandwich (very good) and the eggplant parm sandwich (okay).  My girlfriend got the salad with bread and basil on it, but the basil was over powering and the bread was soggy with the dressing.   The service is also a mixed bag.  The first time our server went out of her way to take care of us and even MADE me cocktail sauce for my fish sandwich.  The second time, the server was lackluster, didn't know anything about the menu and wasn't able to take proper care of us.    I would return to Papa J's, but I my terrible experience last time isn't enough to say it would be my first pick of places to eat around Carnegie/Robinson.
Had dinner at Papa J's with a group of 6.  I loved how the restaurant is in a old brick building with large windows. It felt like a neighborhood restaurant. On a Saturday night, the restaurant was full but not crowded.  We were seated in a room with poor acoustics.  It was difficult to hear people at our table and the waitress.  While she tried, I can see the asperation in her face when she had to repeat the specials to both sides of the table.  People ordered bourbon on the rocks before dinner which seemed watered down, while my lemon drop was made nice.  The bread was delicious!  Can you describe it to be creamy?  The fried zucchini was lightly breaded and not too oily.  It was a large portion made up of 2 sliced zucchinis.  We ordered a variety of dishes.  The pasta dish was dry with more pasta than sauce or meat.  Those who ordered the fish special thought it was delicious.  The shrimp dish was enjoyed as well.  I had the chicken marsala which was pretty good.  The marsala sauce wasn't too thick, and the chicken moist.  Hard to tell if the deserts were "homemade."  The tiramisu and spumoni were small in portion and meant for one.   On the whole, I was on the fence with my overall impression of Papa J's.  "A-ok" probably is the best way to describe it.
Service was great. Apps delish, specifically the stuffed banana peppers & lentil with ham soup. I think I chose the wrong entree though because I ordered a cod with crabmeat special. The cod was completely tasteless with some crabmeat layed across the top. It all reminded me of boiled fish. Yuck! Note to self. Order the pasta!
Talk about overpriced. $18 for a fairly basic pasta with some obviously frozen chicken chopped up over it. The latter was terrible, thin and flabby and rather unappealing. The pasta itself was ok, as was the sauce. The desserts are pretty good. But honestly, that is a $10 dish whose price has been inflated.
I stopped by here a couple of Fridays ago with my wife and 3 other couples.  Another couple in our party had made reservations before hand and when we arrived a couple of minutes after that time, we were immediately taken to our table.  Whenever you first walk into Papa Js you immediately head past both their dessert case and bread making area.  That is pure genius on their part as both their desserts and bread look good!  Then to get to our table we also walked past a bar and up a flight of stairs.  After that I didn't really see much else of the restaurant.  After our whole party had arrived and our waitress had taken all of our drink orders she came back up to our table and promised us that she would be back shortly as she had some desserts to take to a table.  After about 15 minutes or so she finally did make it back to our table.  For my dinner entree I decided on having the Romano chicken.  It came out a short time later with a side of broccoli.  The chicken had a nice golden color to its breading and tasted pretty good although a bit salty.  I can take at least some credit for that though as I may have used the Parmesan that was on the table quite liberally.  Meanwhile the broccoli was over cooked for my tastes and seemed mushy whenever I bit into it.  The bottom line for me is that I might stop by here again in the future.  I wouldn't be the person to recommend it but I also wouldn't turn it down.  I feel like the prices were fair for what you got and only wish that the service was a little better.
The food was ok no Complaints  it is sitting at the bar and watching  the male bartender  stand around  doing literally  nothing  while the woman bartender  bust her ass made it a uncomfortable  night especially  knowing  that  they will pull tips not returning  again and shame on the two manager  for not notice  it
I wanted to love this place. We started off with a Caesar salad, we asked is the dressing homemade we were told yes however I have had a number of homemade Caesars and this was deff not. They also topped it off with one crouton? My meal was the chicken breast with bone  in and broccoli. Chicken came out literally the size of chicken nuggets and my broccoli was basically raw and cold. I have three stars because the bread was actually really good and my finances meal was also mediocre. He had the eggplant rolitini and in my opinion it had a weird flavor. We would go back to try the pizza but I wouldn't suggest wasting 50 bucks on this meal.
I'm up in the air about how I feel regarding Emmert Dental. Being that it is located in Market Square can be both a good or bad thing. Parking is scarce not to mention you have to pay for it yet you have great restaurants and coffee places around you. The office itself is old and raggedy looking but the staff are young and hip. I think possibly a little too young and hip. My dentist knew what she was doing but I didn't adore her. I'm still working out my bill because they charged me too much on my copay and don't really seem to have all their info. together. After a cleaning and fillings, I think I'm going to look for somewhere else to get my future dental work done...
This is a tiny Starbucks and it locations like this (although cute) makes you wonder if your really meant to hang out or just grab your coffee and leave. Leaving is always a good idea at this location anyway since you have a nice fountain in the back with benches and it is a central part of the Waterfront Shopping.   Starbuck isn't my favorite coffee chain by any means. Is it just me or do all Starbuck coffees taste a little burnt and bitter? No matter how trendy, cool and upscale their establishments are I can't get around the yicky tasting bitterness of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting a bean...Maybe something has changed with their regular coffee but I have not drank it in about a year. I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff. Still I'll give the establishment tres estrellas for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn't taste half as bad as the regular coffee bean.
Mmm...peppermint mocha  In my quest to visit every Starbucks in the USA I have stopped at yet another location.  This one is located in the center of a circle road -- very cache and in a newer part of the area.
This is a typical Starbucks. The coffee is good but the store is suprisingly dirty.
I have to agree with Joe on this one.  The baristas are extremely friendly, and the service is great, but the fact that there are no comfy chairs or couches is very unwelcoming.  I do think however that the building is beautifully ans strategically located in the center of the shopping.  I just wish they had better seating.
I just realized they remodeled this one recently-ish. Well, in my world recently because it's been a while since I've been here.  They've added more seating which makes it way more conducive to having a meeting here. Which is my concern during the week. I imagine during the weekend it just fills up with tweens getting their sugar rush before hitting the movie theater.   The coffee, or tea for me.. Is still same old same old. I don't imagine one single Starbucks will break the mold and make original drinks...
As far as Starbucks go, this is a pretty nice one.  The baristas are friendly and while I was here, a lot of regulars must have come in, because they bantered away with almost everyone.  The bathroom was clean and well maintained and the trash wasn't overflowing in the canisters around the store.  The pastries looked fresh, but I didn't partake.  The noise level was also at a nice working level - not too loud, music just barely audible.  I do wish there was more seating.  It is nice that this location has a counter at the end of the bar for sole workers, but it doesn't replace more tables.  I'm sure this isn't as much of a problem in the summer when there's the space outside.  There was a treat receipt promo going on, but the barista didn't tell me about it, which I found odd.  Usually when they have promos like that going on, they ask everyone if they want their receipt to come back later in the day to claim whatever the offer is.  Today it was one of their new pastries for $1, I know in the summer they do $2 grande iced drinks with that morning's receipt.  Overall, nice working or socializing environment.  Very friendly and inviting.  It's what I've come to expect from Starbucks, so points for consistency.
Starbucks is a chain coffee and tea shop you will find most everywhere. They offer free WiFi. They sell their coffees in bags if you like. They also serve sandwiches and pastries. Some of the Starbucks I've seen offer drive through services. Prices are reasonable.  I stopped in here since I've been hunting all over for a gingerbread man cookie. They told me they are getting one in and ugly sweater design but they don't have it yet. I plan to keep checking since it appears that no place I have been to has my holiday favorite so I'll certainly be back to one of their locations.
2.5 rounding up only because of the other places on our stop were so bad.   First stop on the Munhall Beer Crawl 2011. It was just a local dive with local beers. No microbrews or imports.
I have been frequently shopping at this Michaels store over the last couple months since I began taking a cake decorating class and hosted a large baby shower at my home. The store has typically had the supplies that I need from cake and cupcake baking and icing to scrap booking supplies. This location is pretty average compared to other Michaels - it's exactly what you would expect when going to this store. It's not a large store, but it's not a small store -- just average.  I do enjoy using the Michael's coupons when shopping. I definitely save a lot of money! Instead of toting around the paper versions, I actually have the iPhone app that has coupons available to use from the app.   My only complaint is that sometimes it takes a while to check out at this location. I don't normally have a problem - usually only one or two people ahead of me - but sometimes it can be much slower. Today, for example, there were only two customers ahead of me, but one of them was having issues with a coupon. The line began to get longer and longer, and though a couple associates were lingering up front, they kept calling for someone else. From personal experience of being a manger in a retail store, do not linger or let your associates linger near the cashiers without jumping on register. Whatever the reason may be that you are not helping customers, it still appears rude and make everyone more impatient....
It's your typical chain craft store.  And let me reiterate that I'm not a crafts person. I walked in because I needed dial rods for some signs I had. Now for being a chain store I was a bit upset because even though they had a decent selection, the amounts they had for each one I wanted were scarce.  Imagine me standing there with different sizes of wood in my hand and just staring in disbelief.  And for a piece of wood, the price was a bit steep.  I will provably come back here, but only for an item that I cannot find elsewhere. Or if I'm too lazy to drive further out.
I dropped by this Yankee Candle store on Saturday to purchase the annual Christmas present candles for my mother-in-law. Between Christmas present purchasing and people wanting their house to smell like balsam and cedar, cinnamon sticks, or caramel pecan pie, the little store was packed. However, I was greeted immediately when I entered and was easily able to find the same salesperson again when I had a question. Since I was only purchasing votive candles, I was initially pleased to see an entire section for the store devoted to them but quickly became frustrated. I couldn't smell some of the votives through their thick, outside plastic. Since the votive candles weren't all displayed with their scents, I had to walk from the votive display to the fragrance display to better smell the scents and then walk back. Outside of that layout frustration, I had a pleasant experience in the store.
Its clean, open 24/7 with hot shoe string fries and creative milkshakes. What else do you want in life??
Ah, Steak n Shake, you hit the spot after a night of drinking. Open 24 hours, drive thru or dine in, with wonderful, cheap greasy burgers, chicken fingers, breakfast sandwiches, and shoestring fries. You're faster (and cheaper!) than Eat N Park. Plus your employees wear those adorable bow ties. Granted, if we were at a fancy party, I might act like I don't know you, but deep down inside you know I heart you.
Fast food done right, what more can you want?  A throwback to old timey diners, steak and shake is where you get a decent meal at a good price.   My sisters and I arrived on a Tuesday afternoon around 3pm catching their 2-4 happy hour, which we read on the door upon entry; a lovely surprise. This meant that all shakes and drinks were 50% off!   I ordered the western BBQ burger, which was 2 thin patties, cheese, bacon, BBQ sauce, and fried onions. It came with shoe string fries (my favorite), all for the low price of $4.79. Are you kidding me? What's not to like! The food was actually pretty good! I liked it a lot. Since it was happy hour I also "splurged" on a chocolate covered strawberry shake. It was meh. Could have gone without it. The overpowering taste of artificial strawberry really turned me off, but the hot fudge saved it. But, how can you really go wrong with hot fudge?  All in all, 3 meals and 3 shakes came to $20. A steal. Also the food is good! I enjoyed it. I'd come back.
Steak 'n Shake's food is pretty good and the prices aren't bad for the quantity of food. I ordered a grilled chicken salad with no dressing. The salad looked thrown together and was $5.49 for 2 croutons, tomatoes, carrots, cabbage, lettuce and chicken breast. (They forgot the cheese!) The staff wasn't very friendly or helpful and seemed like they didn't want to be there. There usually is a long wait at Steak 'n Shake, but if you catch them when they aren't busy, you will breeze through- drive-thru that is. I do like their food and you can eat healthy options, but the staff isn't helpful and the quality isn't always there.
I am not a fan of this chain's food or this locations service.  However!    Steak n Shake milkshakes totally rock.  Very thick, regular is the perfect size to get me home from the Waterfront.
Drive through service is better than going inside if you want takeout. Food is always served hot- inside it just takes a lot longer than it should, both to get waited on at the counter and for the food to come. Also, the lids on the milkshake cups are awful and fall off easily. Make sure to hold on tight!
My goal of 2016 is to write more Yelp reviews... So here we are. My boyfriend and I just spent an hour at Target getting stuff for our new house. We were hungry and wanted to grab something quick, so we went to Steak and Shake. I would first like to note that their parking lot and sidewalks had NOT been salted... Not really the best idea considering it's been icy out for two days now. Anyways, we made it inside and it was pretty crowded. We were seated within 5 minutes of coming in. The  service was OK, nothing special. I ordered the single cheeseburger and cheese fries. My boyfriend got the bacon cheeseburger and cheesy bacon fries. Our food came out pretty quickly and it was the way we ordered it (I ordered everything on my burger while my boyfriend only ordered cheese and bacon). Our food was good, I have no complaints. If you're looking for a quick and cheap bite to eat, then this is your place!
this store is sadly not in business any more
Really enjoyed this a lot more than I thought I would.  The drinks were on the pricey side, but I didn't head here to get smashed.
Dueling piano bars in Pittsburgh started at Station Square, and they died out. Then when the chain restaurant magnet "waterfront" opened in 2000 the parent company of The Rock Bottom Breweries decided to open Sing Sing in back of The Brewery.  When it first opened it was pretty cool. The very first house band could put on a show that led to standing ovations. I know, I was there. From Stairway to Heaven to Free Bird, Stayin' Alive to She's My Cherry Pie, Elton John to the Boss, they were amazing at sounding like the bands they were covering. Equally incredible were the obscure songs that audience members would shout out, songs only you though you knew, and they would effortlessly sing a good portion of the song, sounding like the band who's song they sung.  But today, Sing Sing seems like it's stuck in the early part of the 21st century. The whole dueling piano, shout out a song to stump the band, Sing us a song you're the piano man has run it's course. I don't hate Sing Sing, but I could never come here more than once a year. It's a been there, done that kind of place.
Came here with a group of girls and didn't have a reservation. We paid the cover, walked in and it was absolutely packed. There was nowhere to even stand. One of our friends was having issues with an expired license and when we found out that not all of us got in, they let us get our $7 cover back without issue.   I recently went with a big group who had reserved about 50 seats. People who were not in the group kept coming in to the reserved area but the staff was very helpful in dealing with the group.   They brew their own beer so do not expect to see any known brands. There are only about 6 beers on top, so if you are more of a light beer drinker you might not be too happy with the beer choices. They also have mixed drinks and wine. The mixed drinks around about $9 and they have a limited number of bottled wines (despite what it says on the menu).   The entertainment was great and I would recommend it for a group outing. But definitely make sure that you have a reservation.
The musicians at this place work hard to entertain the crowd, so I can't say they are all bad.  However the minimum for a song request is $5.  I spent $20 on a song for my girlfriend and they NEVER played it!!  They were playing songs for $5 and $10, but my $40 got me no where.  Even if they didn't know the song, which I doubt, they could have picked one they knew and improvised,  my tip, save your $$ on the requests.  Otherwise it's fun for special events every once in awhile.
Pretty fun place to go every once in a while, but, believe me, by the end of the night you'll be ready to go. The show lasts around 5 hours, by the 3 hour mark you'll be sick of sitting there in the crowd with your $9 a pop drinks listening to the same dirty jokes over and over and over again.
My best friend took me to Sing Sing for my bachelor party. I had a blast. The musicians (dueling pianists) made fun of me in a bunch of songs. They also were really good at playing requested tunes (rock). When the show was over we shuffled across the hall to the connected "Rock Bottom" restaurant for some grub. We all had so much fun that we went back for my buddy's bachelor party.  There were some drawbacks though. We went on a Thursday night so the atmosphere was lacking as the place was pretty empty. And of course they are a little pushy soliciting tips when the place is empty. But it's not our fault the place is empty on Thirsty Thursday, if their drinks weren't so damn expensive maybe more people would show up. And sometimes they used vulgar language which was just unnecessary since they would have otherwise still been hilarious. Also there was no table service, and the only bartender was a bitch. I'll probably be back, but only for a special occasion when I can afford it.
Talented piano players, but I found it annoying they kept pushing for tips all night long. We got the message. Server was nice and songs were good. It was super loud in there so be prepared. Super crowded Saturday night so make sure you come early
Sing sing is a great place to change up the pace on a Saturday night! We had a large part of 22 people so my sister took care of the reservations, but by the looks of it, it seemed like every table was reserved! My suggestion is that you call ahead and reserve a table for however large your party is. Don't forget it's $7 to get in unless it's your birthday it's free for you! If you eat at rock bottom it's $3.50 for you to get in!   This is a dueling piano bar and its definitely a great time! The musicians are very talented and can play the drums,piano,and harmonica. Well that's what it was this night!  They played all different kinds of genres! No complaints about their musical talents for sure! The only downfall is that they could be very vulgar towards the crowd, but it's all in good fun! That crude humor didn't bother us at all!   The service of was fantastic l! Our server had to deal with 22 of us and didn't miss a beat at all!   So you ask why 3 stars, well 3 stars because of the price of alcohol!! That was a BIT ridiculous, but at that moment when your a little tipsy it doesn't seem to phase you until the next day!  It was over $9 for a vodka tonic!!! AHHHHH what kind of highway robbery is that?!??  But all in all its a great change of pace! We would do it again, but definitely not drink as much the best time!
Typical, but new.    You see all of the people that are walking in and out and, I must say, the customers look like they work for a living hear.  I swear one of the guys was covered head to toe in soot.  That is amazing.    Ran around the store looking for those few items that I needed to satisfy my need to build and create.  Minimal help from the small quantities of employees, but some of them actually asked if I needed help -- after I had found the item.
Your typical area big box hardware store.  It's convenient to go to because of the proximity to other stores and how close it is to so many communities.  Can't really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lanes it's a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with a single associate.
This local Lowe's serves its purpose for my husband and me -- a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two. I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store. I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe's stores, but when shopping at the Home Depot in North Fayette last fall, their flower selection was dismal compared to this Lowe's.
I stopped in because I needed to buy some DampRid for my bathroom.  I was in the waterfront doing some other shopping when I decided to just stop here.   I asked a gentleman where I could locate this product and he stated in would be in one of two aisles. I'm always impressed at home improvement stores how the employees know exactly where every product is.. no matter how small or popular. I went into the first aisle mentioned with no luck then onto the next one. I still didnt have luck and asked another employee who said i was in the right aisle but the product was located at the very end on the bottom shelf.  While i was satisfied with the customer service, it would have been easier and more friendly if one of those workers showed me where the product was. I'm always lost in these stores. Lowes competitor kind of goes well beyond and shows you exactly where product is.  Not a big deal, just explaining my 3 star review :) The DampRid was sold in a 2 pack for under $6. I left satisfied.
3.5 rounding down. Its been a while since JB and I ate here and I would consider going back but we just haven't gotten around to it. The beer selection looked great but the first 3 beers that I wanted "hadn't come in yet" (they were in the middle of expanding their offerings, this really bothers me...if you don't have the product, don't put it on the menu).  Its not necessarily vegetarian friendly, I got a pizza and it was good, not fantastic, only good. Justin was satisfied with his meal. Its a good place to eat if you live in the neighborhood but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way.
Stopped by on a Mon evening after trying to dine at Smoke Taqueria which is closed Mondays. Parking on street in front or behind off Hay St. Super friendly bartender. In warmer months they have huge outdoor area & big screen & upstairs cornhole game area. Okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection. Tried the italian club which was really good - two of us split one. Also tried sweet potato fries - amazingly good! Home made chips w bleu were overpowered by sauce. Bathroom was in need of plaster and wall repairs & was grossed out by toilet brush/holder on a shelf near toilet at eye level. Bet it's a fun place in warmer months.
I'm reading on here that the food is really hit or miss. I've only gone to Duke's one time, but the food was good. It wasn't too busy so our service was very attentive and it didn't take long to get our food at all.  The place is separated between a bar area and a more family style dining area. We sat in the dining area because the bar area was pretty full. The dining room area definitely fills up with an older, have lived in Pittsburgh all their lives crowd, while the younger crowd is in the bar area.   I'll definitely be back since I live in the area.
Came back tonight after a hiatus and missing out on getting food from the Franktuary truck at Voodoo Homestead. I was going to get a burger until I saw on the back of the menu that they do prime rib on Saturday evenings. For $19 you got a large cut of meat, which was pretty tasty, a large side salad, and I chose a loaded baked potato for the side. They were a little chintzy with the sides. The prime rib came with no horseradish sauce or au jus. I asked for a horseradish sauce, which they had, but the container was so small I had to ask for another. It was a similar situation with the large side salad. It was pretty big, and required at least a second side of dressing. The food was all pretty good, with the prime rib taking the lead and the baked potato bringing up the rear. As always, the beer selection was pretty solid and I really enjoyed my East End Brewery Monkey Boy.
I went to Duke's Upper Deck Cafe recently and overall really enjoyed my visit.  I went there to watch an Elite 8 game, and felt a little out of place as I was the only person in the bar that didn't seem to know everyone who was there.  However, that quickly went away because the regulars and bar staff were extremely friendly and made the entire game more enjoyable (I was cheering for my alma-matter from outta state and they all encouraged me to enjoy the game and not worry about bothering them if I was loud).    The drinks were very fairly priced and feature a full bar and some great craft beer options. The food was just OK.  I ordered the wings, which were very good in a unique way.  The sauce is a mix of ranch and buffalo sauce and the wings come submerged in it. Initially this threw me for a loop but after trying them I can see why people love them, messy but delicious. I also ordered the pita pizza, i would not recommend this as it just wasn't very good.    I am looking forward to returning to Duke's this summer when I can sit outside and enjoy some craft beer and those delicious wings.
The chili dogs rock!  The portions are huge so come hungry.  Big selection of appetizers that go beyond the standard bar food list.  Great selection of draft beer.  Noise level is good for lunch but may be loud for dinner.
Had corned beef sandwich. Meh.   Onion rings were horrible. Extremely breaded and doughy. Greasy as all get out. I hope the chef will take the hint when all of the breading comes back, as I had to peel it away to get to the onion.
Thank god for the draft list is all I can say. 3 things that were ordered were all wrong. Asked for no onion on all 3 and they all had onions on them . The place was not busy at all so if it was I could understand. The burger was solid though , steak on the salad was ice cold even though we were asked how we wanted it cooked so I assumed it was cooked to order and would come out at least warm. The inside of the place was clean and neatly decorated so that is a positive. Really loud place inside. I'd come here for the awesome draft selections but might pass on the food.
This was actually the first time I've ever been to a Dave and Buster's.  Walking into such a huge space, especially coming from the often narrow venues in San Francisco was strange.  Un-nerving actually.   Because Dave and Buster's is all about excess. Almost obscenely so.  As far as food - their stuff is standard. Most of it is fried and as another reviewer pointed out - not very healthy. At all actually. You have to really scour the menu to find some somewhat decent viable and nutritious options.  But most people don't come to Dave & Buster's for food. They come for the games.  And while I've never been that into video games or arcade games - my brother and sister always have.  I was apprehensive about having a good time here  - but after awhile - my siblings' enthusiasm about the place became contagious and I found myself really enjoying myself.  Especially once i realized that I have mad skills at Skee Ball. And proceeded to dominate.  Trust.
Because I have significantly younger sisters, I go to Dave and Busters about twice a year. It's fun for them and nostalgic for me. It can get expensive and the 'prizes' are cheap but it make for great "sister days"   As for the food, we've eaten there once and never again. It's just blah... frozen and fried. The veggie burger was put on there as an afterthought just so they could say they offer it. A frozen Boca patty thrown on a bun. Thanks! I could have ran to Costco for that. Drinks are rather expensive but that's to be expected.   So go for the games, fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drinks and a bite to eat (skip the bountiful chains that span the Waterfront and try Blue Dust on Amity Street).
A table for 16 please...   That is what I had to ask for and knew that D&B could accomodate.  I happen to be in the Homestead area for work.   I really wanted to dig into my Yelp bag of tricks provided by local Yelpers and introduce my team to the "Shock and Awe" they deserved but ... the shear numbers would made it hard.  When I started thinking about how we would have a manageable lunch - The only idea I could come up with was the Golden Corral - I knew that was not going to work for me.  We decided to do something local and walking distance - D&B was it.  It is what you expect - quiet for lunch video games and a bar nearby but I had to forgo any festivities - it was a work lunch.   I was pleased they had a under 600 calorie menu.   I am trying to maintain a normal diet due to my stretchy pants being out of style and not wanting to look like a character out of Family Guy.  The waitress was very friendly and organized.    I ordered the Cabo style Chicken - Chicken Breast lightly seasoned and char-grilled, topped with pineapple pico de gallo and served with spicy rice and steamed fresh vegetables.  It was eh...   The chicken was cooked but the pineapple pico de gallo was bland.  The rice was bland.  The vegetables were cold.   I really blame it on the fact I was with 15 compatriots for lunch so I am giving it a fair rating.  Everything was edible.  My team went with deep fried foods and burgers.   They seemed pleased.  Service - very good Food - okay, not great.   My meal was $13 Ambiance - well it was clean but there were not really any people in D&B  There are so many other choices for lunch that are local and close.  I would definitely recommend another in Squirrel Hill - I suggest you use Yelp to find you a better one (then come back and play! ;-) )
Dave and Buster's has to be split up into separate experiences to rate it.   Dining: 2 stars  I had a party of 20 coming in; I had called ahead of time, and arrived early. They immediately set up the table while about 4 of my friends and I waited; the hostess, after taking my name, never spoke to us again. She did not tell us when we could sit, how long it would be, or any other information. And then they made us wait for 75% of our party to show up before they would seat us. Mind you, there was no one else waiting, and the table was ready, and we were ready to order. But they didn't tell us this; I didn't even know why we were being forced to wait until I heard a supervisor whispering to the waitress about making us wait. I still have no idea why we were forced to wait.   When my full party was finally seated, we were helped by two waiters who were perfectly polite and nice. BUT, our service was rather haphazard. People would order drinks and food, and get things at wildly different times. One person was done eating appetizers and drinks when another was just getting their first drink. I know there was chaos to a big party, but it got a little out of hand.  The food is pretty standard American chain food, comparable to Appleby's and Chili's - not offensive, but nothing to knock your socks off. It has a decent selection, and a few good desserts and appetizers, and everything was competently prepared. Overall, it is a fine enough meal for a large group before going to enjoy the arcade at fairly reasonable prices, but some of the service standards are poor. In the future we will probably eat at one of the other restaurants in the area and then move over to D&B's for games.  Bar: 1 Star  Drinks are predictably expensive, but there is a wide variety. The problem is that about half of them don't even kind of resemble what is on the menu, and most don't have enough alcohol to even taste. Worse yet, while you can get a drink at the bar in the arcade, the staff is either completely non-interactive or just rude. You have to track them down, and then have a minimum of interaction before they stomp off like you ruined their life.  Arcade: 4 Stars  There are a lot of great games here to play, and many that are fun with groups or pairs. It is a great place for a large party, because you can mingle with all your friends playing many different very fun games. If you are a couple, there are also many great selections that everyone enjoys. The staff on the floor is helpful and fast to fix games that have problems, and are typically polite. The ticket prizes are cheap as expected, but kind of fun, and the people in the ticket shop were always nice and quick to help.   Overall: 3 Stars  If you want to hang out here, I would suggest eating somewhere else, and then playing games and having fun here, but only order beer at the bar and don't expect a smile.
Chuckie Cheese for grown ups...Yeah, that could sum up my review for sure (but I'll try to make it a bit more interesting than that).  First let me say that this isn't my first trip to a Dave & Buster's.  Second, I actually experience all of it while here.  We will start with the food/service.  Staff, you were wonderful.  You were polite, you greeted us as soon as we walked in the door, gave us no qualms while ordering and were swift with your delivery.  Food, you were not wonderful.  I ordered the BBQ chicken breasts.  This came with a side of broccoli and their type of mashed potatoes.  The chicken was a bit dry and in some places you can tell it was left on the grill a little too long.  There were actually some bites that all I could taste was charred meat.  There wasn't enough BBQ sauce on the the chicken either.  The broccoli appeared to have been cooked prior and then thrown back into a pan to be seared.  Some of my broccoli actually had some burnt crisp areas on it.  Also I noticed that there were still some leaves left on the broccoli.  The mashed potatoes I wanted to like (which I hoped would be the best part of the dish, I'm a bit of a potato freak), but alas, I was let down. *sad face* They were cold and such a tiny portion.  With a tiny amount of shredded cheese and bacon but into that divot they made with the scoop to get it out of it's container.  Oh food, how if I didn't need you to survive, I wouldn't complain about you.  The building right now is in disarray.  They are in the midst of a remodel with lovely plastic curtains covering up certain sections of their dining area.  No bar out in the dining area right now and the pool tables were absent as well.  If you wanted a drink you had to go back into the game room.  Speaking of the game room, by far the best part.  With the meal I ordered I got the $20 play card (the best part of the meal, super charge it for $3 more and it's even better).  The game room  you can tell is in need of an update.  The carpet is worn and other signs of wear are noticeable as well.  One good thing is the games.  They change them up so often that there is always something new once you return.  Who knew that playing Connect 4 could be so fun, or for that matter Skee Ball rises to the top of my list to play.  I will return again, but only after I eat elsewhere first.
Not really sure what to add.  So I'll bullet point my experience.  - Expensive poorly made drinks - Friendly but slow service - Ok food considering (Had the Philly Steak and Cheese) - Over run with kids before 10 that seem to have zero adult supervision - 15% of the games were out of order (Air Hockey, Big Bball Game, 1/2 of the skee ball, random other arcade machines) - Expensive games - Fun time overall with the wife.
First time at Dave & Buster's and although I didn't go for the games, I was slightly disappointed. I went with a group of girls for dinner and drinks. The service was slow but the food was decent. The portions were huge but they are priced slightly higher than the average chain.         We went before 9 pm and there were a ton of kids there on a Friday night. I do suggest if you want to avoid the children to go after 9.
DAVE & BUSTERS!  It's a nice place to eat, have fun and drink!!  All ages can enjoy this place.  I was so EXCITED to hear them announce that after 10p, all children whether accompanied by a guardian or not had to go!  It made for a nice evening for adults only.    Everytime we go whether we play or not we enjoy ourselves.  I didn't give it FOUR STARS because every time I've went I haven't been able to eat in the restaurant area of there.  I know I still get the same food that everyone else does wherever you sit.  Sometimes, I like the nice relaxing atmosphere of the restaurant.  I haven't as of yet, been seated there.    Not to mention that the servers around the bar, are a little slow at responding to customers as well.  So all in all, D&B's is a good spot to stop at for food and entertainment.  Just don't expect to be seated in the restaurant portion, and expect to wait awhile for food service in the bar area.
Was impressed by the new menu and new decor.   Our waitress was nice, knowledgeable and attentive.  However, the rest of the staff was less than stellar.  There was a power outage (less than one minute) while we were paying games (sunny and calm outside so not sure what happened). My family and I were playing a trivia game---we lost about ten dollars of credits and all our bonus tickets when the power resumed.   The games were down for about 20 mins after the outage and staff was not friendly when we inquired about what happened or when the games would be working again.  After the outage, two people in our groups could not get their power cards to work. When we asked staff for assistance they just brushed us off and said we must have been out of credits.  Kinda a bummer we lost so much money on (malfunction) game play tonight.
A fun place and lots to do but a bit pricy. $20.00 will buy you a hundred points which will last you a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game ,ball racing car game and connect 4 also there are several games that can be played in groups of 4
ehh, 3.5 -- I can't rate it super low because i do smile a lot during my visits. Speaking of that, I've been here a few times, but never wrote a review for D&B.   I'm a kid at heart and honestly do enjoy the games. However, there have been multiple instances where I swiped my game card & it took my credits, but no game began. There have also been times that I won and no tickets were released. I guess nothing is perfect but it does happen atleast once a visit (each scenerio)  It's hard to find a worker walking around and for half-price games, you kind of just take your loss with the 1.3 credits for skee ball (hmph!)  The food- it really isnt anything too fancy. I've had okay food, but super long wait times for a simple chicken fingers & fries for example. It's your basic sandwiches, salads, appetizers & a few pastas. I believe all sandwiches & burgers are around $10 & served with fries.  You can get the Eat & Play deal which includes food from a specific menu + a game card. Besides the game card deal, if you wanted to make D&B a date night you might be better off heading to another place to eat in Waterfront for amazing food.. but to each their own.  Try it once I suppose. The brownie sundae that i devoured last night was satisfying (2 brownies, 2 scoops of ice cream.. one with chocolate syrup; the other with raspberry sauce & fresh strawberries. Oh & whip cream)  Drinks- pretty weak. We ordered 2 liquid maryjanes (2 each that is) which are filled with multiple shots of alchy & didn't really catch a buzz. Oh welllll. They do have a happy hour from 5-7pm. I'd go during that time for the best deal. I believe cocktails are half off & $3 off  bottles of wine. I've never seen anyone walking around with a wine glass though lol.   The prizes- as others have noted, the prizes are a little cheap for the amount of tickets they "cost" However, it's cool to leave with a D&B coffee mug, cup or shot glass. Last night for 2500 tickets we decided on magnetic-style dart board (1,300?) a coffee mug, a D&B glass (our plastic one bit the dust) & a D&B coffee travel mug.. I might be missing a few odds & ends.  Overall it's a fun time but can be pricey. It's best to head here Wednesday for half price games or get the Eat & Play deal while dining.   I can't lie though, I find myself smiling ear to ear a few times within those 3 hours (woah, seemed longer than amount of time :D ) Speaking of which, in that time-frame we played 250 credits (cost= $40) but it was half-price games.
My wife and I went here around 10pm on a Saturday night. The food was not spectacular, about the same quality that you'd get at an Applebee's or some place similar -- good but not great.  My steak was tough, but my wife enjoyed hers. Staff was relatively unorganized (we ate at a table next to the bar), and had to wait awhile for a server. Food was prompt.
Its fun, but much smaller than some of the others I've visited.  Its clean, staff is friendly and its a good way to waste time before a movie. They do have good  food. Gets a 3 stars because I get bored easily at this location.
Fell asleep last night before I got a chance to do my review this place is pretty cool it's just an arcade with a bunch of games they have a bar & u can order food as well the prizes have gotten better however there a few games that weren't working
Wednesday's are half off game night. Menu includes some meals that also provide ten dollar game cards. It's loud and crazy but that's what is to be expected. The kids love this place. It's ok. Not my thing but I understand the fascination.
Had an awesome time here with my hubby the food was amazing but the games cost so much an the prizes where ok but all in all a good time I'll be bring the kids with next time
I was sad to see of the bad reviews below because I love D&B. However, I was just there this weekend and has dinner then went to the midway. The food wasn't bad but our service was overwhelmed so we didn't really have a server, and there were a couple small errors with our order. The bathroom was a wreck, like always. The trash can is always full, floors filthy, and smells strongly of urine. Half of the games I played wouldn't read my card on the first try.  Bartenders were slow & didn't seem to care, except for the manager.   I'll be back for sure but this place needs some serious staff updating.
We do not generally come here, as it is somewhat of a hike from our home, but we decided to wander out this way today. Last time we were here, we were not pleased, but today, we had a much better experience.   They had a ton of new games, which is a bonus! All of them were working too.....double bonus! I think they are a bit expensive, but it was a treat to go, so we didn't mind spending a couple of extra bucks.  After playing out the credits on our card, we decided to have a late lunch. The menu is quite large, but has a great selection. Our server, Kiara, was wonderful! You could tell she was stressed out from her day, but she was very pleasant. We are pretty easy to take care of and you could almost hear the sigh of relief she gave when we told her to take her time and were ready to order when she was able to make it back from another table.  The restrooms were gross and the hostess stand was filled with confused girls who couldn't have cared less. The prize room was so empty of prizes, we decided to keep our points for our next visit.  We will be back, we will ask for Kiara to be our server, and hopefully we will be able to find prizes worth taking home!
Dave and Busters is a nice franchise to be able to enjoy arcade games for a more mature crowd. Defiantly enjoy coming here every time my friends and I do.   Cons:  Food - food isn't very tasty, feels "generic" and not worth the $ listed for it.  Bathroom - no, I don't go out of my way to down star a place for their bathrooms but this is ridiculous. Toilet paper everywhere, sinks/floor covered in water, and no paper towels?   Pros: Atmosphere - nice place to come grab a drink, watch a sporting event, or meet new people.  Games - who doesn't like game? They have a ton of variety from hoops to racing. Afterwards (if you're lucky) you can redeem tokens at their reward store.
So I've been coming here for quite a well, and I've always been a fan. Upon entering the restaurant at 6pm on a Friday, our IDs were checked. You have to have at least one person who is 21+ to be seated---this is odd but okay. While we're looking at the menu, a man shows up out of nowhere with a camera asking to take our picture for a keychain--it's free but he's "working for tips". Other than these two odd happenings, the meal was great. I ordered the Fire-Grilled Salmon and it's one of the best salmon dinners I've ever had. I'll definitely return again for games and drinks.
Apparently it's socially unacceptable to continue going to Chuck E. Cheese after you've reached puberty. This I learned the hard way. Fortunately, the geniuses behind Dave & Busters got my back. Sometimes I just need to escape the stress of adulthood with a few rounds of skee-ball (don't judge me). I can work with the amount and variety of games, but it could definitely be better. I would suggest coming in on Wednesdays for half-price games to get more bang for your buck!  Be aware of the obnoxious guests. I expect children to be a bit rowdy, but even some adults suddenly forget all socially acceptable behavior once you throw them in the arcade.   I come to D&B for the games and not the food. Aside from the horrible customer service I've experienced, their food also tastes generic and mediocre.  For the prices they're charging, it is not worth it. Save a few bucks and find a better meal elsewhere.
The doctors were knowledgeable but the staff at the call center was rude and not accommodating. It was also not convenient to get an appointment. I waited an hour and a half to be seen when I was the only patient in the office. The drug reps came with food so I guess patients don't matter.
I thought this place was pretty decent. My friend and I were both still reeling from thanksgiving dinner so we ordered salads... and they were HUGE. and tasty. I liked my salad though it was slathered in way too much dressing. My friend's was even more slathered so she didn't dig it too much. We'd also ordered chips with guacamole, the guac was pretty good. my friend enjoyed her beer. I enjoyed my coke (I know, I'm lame).  so yeah... wasn't bad, wasnt the best, but it was okay.
Not the greatest ale house in the city but certainly not the worst.  I like the food and I have tried all the beers.  They're just "OK" as far as beer goes.  Large portions. Friendly staff.
everytime i come here i stick with the nachos add chicken add side of guac and i've never been dissappointed.  i sit in the bar, grab a drink or 2 and eat those nachos.  the bar has a pool table and plenty of flatscreens.  rock bottom is a chain but it's one of the better chains in the area.  i'll pass on chili's or friday's and come to rock bottom instead.  oh and typically i walk over to target - work off some of those nachos.
Little slow on the service and didn't have the beer I wanted on the menu. But you get those things when they brew their own beers on-site.   But the stadium pretzels are good.  The cream stout is tasty.  The burgers are good and big with the little skinny fries.  I'm not a fan of the skinny fry, but hey the burgers would choke a horse - and almost did.  :o)
Even since Rock Bottom opened (7 years ago???) I have always thought it was a dance club.  I am not really sure why but I thought it was along the same line as (throw back) Hi-Tops but I did. I think I always thought this place was a club because of the behemoth size of the space.   Well I was out with a friend and we needed a place to go before a show at the Improv and Rock Bottom was close.   Part of this is my fault...I always order "healthy" items at places that specialize is greasy bar food...then I am upset when the meal isn't 5 star.    I started off with one of their wheat beers, it was alright. I nursed it all through dinner so I don't think I was head over heels in love with it.  I got the Catch of the Day, Off the Hook, Fish Dish, Sailors Delight or something(I forget it had some cheesy fish themed name).  It was cod (meh, that should have been the sign not to get it) with roasted asparagus and lemon rice.  The fish was suppose to be broiled but it had a thick breading (annoyed) and the portion of fish was tiny. The rice and asparagus were great though.   My friend got a chicken sandwich which he enjoyed although the fries were pathetic.  The fries were probably pre-cut frozen fries or just very poorly executed.  They were so thin that you have to grab a huge handful just to get any actual potato flavor.  Pros: A lot of tables (no wait), brew special beers, big menu, could hear the dueling piano bar next door  Cons: Place was fairly empty and we got a crappy table by the door when it was 5 degrees outside, most of the food was fried, cheese filled, cream based, or wrapped in bacon.  I know some people love to eat food like this all the time( I do every once in awhile) but if you eat out a lot you can't always get the spin dip, burger, and ice cream sundae.  (I would love to but its just not in my cards). I do like like when causal places offer some healthy options.
Went with a group after work for dinner and a brew.  We ordered a few appetizers first.  The wings are good and the soft pretzels with spicy spinach cheese dip was fun.  Had a burger, you can create your own from veggie, turkey, or fresh ground beef. Had a fresh ground beef and the meat was fresh and cooked perfectly with a fresh bun.  The brew pub is nice and was surprised it wasn't busier.
Here's the trick to enjoying a meal at Rock Bottom: don't get fancy with your food order.  Stick with the sandwiches, salads, burgers, and bar food; and you'll be OK.  I've had bad experience will all the fish dishes (including the fish and chips).  Also, I've found the service is generally better in the bar area than the dinner area.  Join the Mug Club, even if you don't go often, and rack up points for free mugs and beers.  Thursdays are Trivia Nights and the DJ is playing the music loud, so go if you don't really want to have a conversation with the person you're with :)
I was SO ready to like this place!  Turns out, not so much.  It was okay.  No better than TGIFridays, but better than Eat n Park!  The deets.  The hubster and I were here on a Saturday evening after a show at the Improv so we were happy and in a good mood and ready to enjoy some good eats.  We ordered drinks.  He a wheat beer of their brewing, me my fave Bloody Mary with Absolut Peppar.  The hubster deemed the beer acceptable, but wouldn't go out of his way to come back just for another one....yes, he DID order another one "just to be sure."  My Bloody sucked.  Watered down tomato juice with no discernible Peppar of any kind, let alone any other seasonings.  Even a good standard mix would have been better.  Our very efficient and friendly waitress took it back and watched while it was remade by the other bartender.  Nope, no better at all.  That went back and I went with a you-can't-screw-it-up Amaretto sour.  It was fine.  Hub ordered a Reuben - why, I'll never know because they simply never measure up to the gold standard of what used to be at the long-lamented Gazebo in Shadyside.  You younguns wouldn't have a clue of the establishment of which I speak.  He said this one was "fine."  I had the Texas Fire steak with jalapeno butter which I enjoyed very much!  Packed a punch of heat and flavor, but the sides were uninspired.  Steamed veggies.  Any flavor was steamed out in the process - eh.  Cheddar mashed potatoes - there was cheddar in there?????  No way!  The tab was reasonable - we DID have a Living Social deal that took $30 off, so our check was for $12 and change, not including tip.  Not bad (even with the $15 cost of the LS Deal), but had we paid full price, it wouldn't have been worth the experience.  We'll hit the Improv again - we have before - but, we'll head somewhere else afterwards.
Dined in twice, food ok, atmosphere good.
The only reason Rock Bottom gets 3 stars is because of the brews. Food was "eh", not many vegetarian options and hostesses who will ignore you because they are too busy chatting about who didn't text them back. This place has the potential to be great, but sadly, it falls way too short in almost all areas.
Watch the fat girls in here. They will try to steal your buddys chair in a sec if he goes to the bathroom & then the indignent fat girl had to get yelled at in front of everyone w/ in ear shot. Everything else including the burger & beers I devoured was excellent.
I just came here with some friends to hang out and get some appetizer, and I have to admit that I was pretty satisfied with what we got.  Though I couldn't find any fried pickles or onion rings on the apps section, there were some blue cheese nachos that really hit the spot.  The atmosphere of this seems pretty cool, especially in the pub area.
Its not bad. I'm not into chain kind of places, but if you're with a group that doesn't do anything more adventurous, you'll do fine here. I vacillated between 2 and 3 stars but the house beer I had will make sure I come back from time to time.
Nothing special. Just like Applebee's, Chili's or Fridays. Stick to the bar food (burgers, sandwiches, pizza, wings and salads) and you will be okay.   This was our second attempt at trying Rock Bottom on Fathers Day. The first time almost ten years ago. We went in the early afternoon and they had already ran out of steaks. How do you do that on Fathers Day?! This time we went around 12 noon and beat the rush.  My wife got and loved the Berry Bash Sangria. She just said it had too much ice in it. Our daughter got the root beer float which she love and I started with a Mango Ice Tea, but later switched for a raspberry ice tea as the mango ice tea wasn't sweet enough.  We started off the the Kobe beef sliders as our app. It took at least 15 minutes to get them. You get three sliders and they were very good.  My wife got a small greenhouse salad with Jalapeno ranch dressing to start off with which she enjoyed and the lobster & shrimp enchiladas as her main entree. She complained about how salty it was and the fact that there was no lobster in it at all.  Our daughter got the kids burger and fries. No surprise there.  I ordered the New York Strip with mashed potatoes and it came with green bean as well. My strip was cooked perfectly and has a decent taste. Longhorn has a much, much better quality of steak though. The green beans were pretty good and my mashed potatoes very bland and pretty average.   The kitchen sounded like an live episode of Hell's Kitchen. The waiters were repeatedly asking for orders at least 5 to 6 times. The kitchen was backed up the whole time we were there.  On a different note, our waitress Susan was very good. Come here for drinks and the bar food. Skip everything else.
Normally the food is outstanding, no more salted bread sticks, but they did bring back the ball park pretzels.  Not very good, cool to low warm. Hard, dense.  Mango ice tea is wonderful.  Will see how the chicken comes out.  To be continued...
Tom and I decided to try this place out before catching a late movie on a Saturday night. He is a beer buff, and neither of us had ever been there, so we gave it a go.  We walked in around 8pm and we were told that there would be an hour long wait. We put our names on the list and went shopping around the area. About 25 minutes later, our table was ready. Parking was a cluster since the lot is shared with Dave & Busters and a karaoke bar called Sing Sing. Tom dropped me off at the door so I could secure our table.  Our server, Jackie, approached me almost immediately and brought two waters to the table to start. She was very attentive and funny, and probably the best part of our experience at the restaurant. Tom ordered a Red Ale and to his surprise, didn't care for it. Jackie gave Tom three free samples of beers she thought he would like after talking to him about his beer drinking habits. He loved all three, and chose the most bizarre (and expensive) beer. Jackie switched the Red Ale to the beer of Tom's choice, and charged us for the less expensive beer. Very nice of her!  We started out with the Ball Park Pretzels with Jalapeno dip. The pretzels came out quickly and they were very fresh, not to mention huge! We only ate one and took the other to go. Very good app though!   Tom ordered some sort of bacon cheeseburger, and I got the Chicken Fried Chicken, which was a pounded chicken breast, breaded and fried, over white cheddar mashed potatoes with a side of gravy and some apple coleslaw.  Tom's burger came with a small handful of fries, and my meal was very spread out on my plate, like something was missing. Not very good presentation at all. The food itself was okay, nothing to write home about. The potatoes were my favorite part. Tom said that his burger was mediocre.  Another note: The bathrooms are shared with the Sing Sing karaoke bar that is in the same building, so expect drunk singing women in the bathrooms and brides-to-be puking in the stall next to you after enjoying too much alcohol at their bachelorette party... Yuck.  Overall, we might come back for the beer and service, but not for the food. And DEFINITELY not to use the bathroom...
This place is quite big with a bar area, dining room area, and patio area. We decided to sit in the bar area so we could watch some football on one of the many TV's. They also have darts and two pool tables, which I really enjoy. When you are in the bar area you can see the beer being brewed through the window which is really cool.   I ordered the hibiscus wheat beer and my friend ordered the white wheat, both of which are brewed by Rock Bottom. They both tasted delicious and were exactly what I needed for a hot day. My friend ordered the Fried chicken entree which came with mashed potatoes and of course she gave me a few bites since we always share. It was a pretty delicious meal, but the fried crust fell off a few pieces which I am not really a fan of. I ordered the Sante fe salad with grilled chicken not fried. The salad was okay I was expecting more flavors overall, but I didn't really get them.   It was a good experience and will most likely be back when I am around the waterfront area.
This is  a "Okay" place to eat.  The food is nothing special.  I guess what they have going for them is the beer.  Order the  Guacamole for the starter which was okay but for $8.50 and the portion was not worth it.  Rice (Cajun Taco) was not cooked well.  Would I go there again "maybe".  If your into beer and watching the game, then yeah go there.
Nice enough chain restaurant.  Have ordered the fish tacos appetizer and the dinner entree of cajun fish tacos which comes with black beans and rice.  Both are ok, though I think I'd order something else next time as I'm pretty picky about fish tacos.    The appetizer tacos were rather dry.  The cajun tacos were much better but executed oddly.  They come in 2 shells -- an inner hard shell and an outer soft shell.  Why might I ask?  Why add extra calories for something that seems so unnecessary and doesn't add to the dish in any way.    Oh, well.  Can't speak about beer here as I'm not a beer drinker.  The space is pleasant and our server was efficient even if the meal wasn't the quickest to come to our table even though it wasn't busy.  Would I revisit?  Probably; it was decent enough with many other menu options.  Keep in mind, however, that there are many options nearby worthy of a visit.
Standard issue Rock Bottom.  We ordered the nachos....they could have easily served 6 people.  I have never seen a more massive platter of food.  Bar service was okay...guy working there was nice to talk to about sports.
My visits here are generally pretty consistent.  I love getting the beer sampler even though I've drank all the beers twice over.  I wouldn't say I have a favorite dish here yet but the food was always generally good.  I guess one thing that sticks out is the chicken mac and cheese and the Reuben.    When I go here though, I'm going for the beer more than the food.  Definitely worth a trip for dinner.
There are few local restaurants as popular as this place, the food is consistently good and the service always great. I meet people regularly at the bar, we usually have dinner but lately that's not always the case. The biggest complaint is that it seems the chef is intent on putting black pepper or some type of hot spice in all menu items.
It's been a couple years since I first reviewed Rock Bottom, and while I still don't love the place they've definitely improved since then. They admittedly still aren't my first choice food-wise because, by design, they're a pretty generic eatery for the most part, especially compared to other options in the area. Their local brews are really the only thing that sets them apart from other places in the Waterfront, and Pittsburgh has so many breweries and so forth now that even that isn't the biggest draw anymore.  That said, their brews ARE usually quite good and worth trying. Plus, they ARE improving in terms of service and quality of food, and that deserves a mention. Sure, I may think their menu of burgers, pizzas and American eats is pretty average, but I also think the quality of the dishes is improving. For example, my burgers are no longer coming to me overcooked, and as a result actually taste like a burger and not like a pile of toppings and a dry meat patty. Some dishes are even more memorable now; I actually really like their veggie burger, which is packed full of flavor that even I, a known carnivore, can appreciate. And their fresh pretzels and dip? Absolutely amazing - exactly what you'd expect from a warm pretzel fresh out of the oven.   I was especially impressed during my last visit by a server named Mark, who was incredibly attentive and came to our table regularly to check on drinks and keep us updated. He never said a negative word and was quick to correct any mistakes or problems that popped up during the night. If Rock Bottom hires more people like him, there will be many more happy people coming and going from the place, I guarantee it.  Add in the fact that this is one of a small handful of places that accepts reservations in the Waterfront - a MAJOR plus when planning big outings with friends in the area! - and you have a reliable place where a group of people can go after a movie, shopping, etc. for food and drinks. And for that, Rock Bottom's earned another star in my book.
For a chain, it is better atmosphere than you would expect.  The menu options all sound delicious, but the food quality is not great.  Just mediocre.
Apps were good, service was average, and the certified angus beef tips were awful.  They were severely overcooked and the sauce they were in had no flavor.  The picture on the menu made it appear you get a good amount of tips.  However, I was given only 4 tips, which in the end I was thankful for, because if I had any more, I would have had to rest my jaw for a couple days due to the extreme toughness and amount of chewing required to swallow those flavorless tips.
Loved the American Blonde and gram's oat soda IPA.  Good service.    Egg rolls were very good.  Our bar tender was very attentive and helpful in selecting the beers.
If your in the market for a beer or two this could be an option. They have a nice seasonal selection and it's all tap which I prefer. I also like that most of the seating is booth. On my visit the service was lack luster. I have no idea where the waitress went for half the meal and her listening skills left much to be desired. I went with a beer sampler. It was nice being able to try everything they have. I of course went with the pumpkin beer. For my main dish I had stuffed peppers which I honestly enjoyed. They had a great flavor. My only issue is the rice that came with it was a bit under cooked. If service was better and my rice was cooked I would have given this place a solid 4 stars but that unfortunately wasn't the case on this particular visit.
Came here on a Saturday night. Waited over an hour for a table for 2, but enjoyed some great beers from the bar while waiting. Ordered the calamari appetizer to start which was very good. My fish and chips entree was cold, but my boyfriends 2 am burger was phenomenal.
Was only here for drinks so this is not a reflection on food. Tried their standard flight and greatly enjoyed the Xm@s but nothing else stood out. Also had the Gentleman, Holly's Mistletoe and Lively. The Gentleman was good in my opinion.  2 out of 8 beers impressed me and above standard for my tastes while the others were below standard when it comes to craft beers.  Again this is my opinion. I have a wide range of styles I enjoy but IPAs are a solid choice for me.  Pricing for flights was excellent at $6 for 6 4oz. tasters.  The service was lackluster. Myself and two friends were sat and the waitress took my order and the other man but ignored the girl that was with us and walked off without even asking her if she would like anything. She was a bit put off to say the least. We tracked the waitress down and she apologized but the rest of the stay was a bit awkward.    I hear the food is very good and will return to try it and adjust my review accordingly.
The first time I experienced the Rock Bottom Brewery was in downtown Chicago. It was wonderful! I think I went back the next night because I had such a good experience. It's pretty much always packed around happy hour/dinner time because it's a great spot.   The Pittsburgh location doesn't quite compare. The actual layout, food, service, etc., is average. I ordered the bison burger last night and it was pretty good. But, it was a bit dry and it didn't seem like they put much effort into it. Honesty, when I received my food, it reminded me of being at a place like Applebee's of Chili's. They were out of Mac and cheese because they had had a busy night. I didn't mind that at all because I had tried the Mac and cheese before; you should give it a try if you haven't.   The waitress was great. She checked in often to make sure we were comfortable. The menu is large. You're sure to find something you want to try. But it's a brewery, so the options are mostly variations of bar foods. It's a cool place to go if you want to eat late and have a decent sized group with you.
Rock Bottom is a decent larger sports/brew pub seating is at a premium on weekend evenings, prepare to wait an hour to be seated at a table or try your luck scurrying against others as a high-top becomes available in the bar.  The food is average, nothing extraordinary...we did get the sausage filled pretzels bites, they had little or no  sausage in half of them (should have gotten the ball park pretzel)  They do offer a drink and wine selection but beer is limited to house brew only.
My husband and I were fans of the Denver Rock Bottom when we lived in Colorado, so we decided to have a date night at the Pittsburgh location a few weeks ago.  They were very crowded, but we got a reservation on OpenTable and were able to skip the line.  We arrived a few minutes early, but they were able to seat us when we got there.    The beer is consistently good here--  I went with the fire chief red ale, and my husband tried both one of the cask strength beers and an IPA.  I ordered the bacon chicken mac n' cheese, and it was as good as I remembered.  My husband's steak was overdone, but the servers were very apologetic (they offered to replace it, and ended up comping it) and he said it was seasoned well.  For dessert, we split the mason jar bourbon pecan pie, and it was delicious, with a really delicious ice cream on top.  This location may not have quite lived up to our expectations from the original, but I'd be happy to end up here again if I'm in the area.
Good club for a good laugh. High food prices (most comedy clubs are), 2 item min. The food was less than stellar. I wouldve enjoyed Burger King more.   Service was decent, I believe the waiters/waitresses could hustle a little more or the club should hire more waiters/waitresses. I get grouchy when my glass is sitting empty for more than 2 mins.
They have good acts coming around here, and often give out free tickets, particularly ine summer. I've never actually paid full price for a ticket here.   The two-item minimum is bit bothersome to me though...I don't mind the requirement so much, but the quality isn't good and the prices are high. Our four items total came to about $30 (two appetizers and two beers) and the apps were really nothing to write home about and the servers aren't even very friendly. Also beware...they have a lot of rules here. They won't seat till the whole party is there; if you get dinner reservations everyone in the party HAS to order dinner, automatic gratuity added to the check, etc. etc.  The "box office" is also weird...you get your tickets at this window complete with microphone and slide-under slot...then you walk into the club and the box office is completely open and the workers are just sitting right there, so I don't get the whole hoopla with the window.  All in all though, the seats are comfy enough, the atmosphere is pretty nice, and the acts are good.
Came here to see Charlie Murphy.  Parking was nightmare. I would expect nothing less on a Saturday night. The 15 minute wait to get inside was torture. They need to implement a system where if you purchased tickets in advance you don't have to wait outside. Once inside you we were seated pretty quickly. Seating is first come first serve.  The Server was pretty quick to take our orders. I misread the menu description and didn't realize my BBQ sandwich came  with cheese.  I don't eat cheese, and had send my order back. The waiter was gracious and returned with my modified order in about 15 minutes. I've never heard of throwing cheese pulled pork sandwich, maybe it's a northern thing.  We got our checks quickly, and without issue.
I'm HUGE SNL fan, so naturally if someone who's been in the cast is touring, I'll come here to see them. Some have been really great...Jim Breuer. Some have been (surprisingly) very bad....Tracy Morgan. But it's always been a pleasant experience at the venue.  There's not a bad seat in the house and it's small enough that you get to see and hear everything from the stage.  Beware if you sit in the very front, you KNOW what's going to happen!  A couple downsides....   Waiting outside in a line in the dead of winter.  The lobby is so small you're forced to wait outside until the first show starts or the first show let's out.  And if you want a good seat, you may be waiting in line for a while.  BURR!  The two drink minimum. I kinda get why they do it, to make money, of course. But this means they jack up the prices of watered down drinks. Better to stick with beer and wine at these places. No frou frou drinks for me!   Also, as to be expected, the food's not that great. In a perfect foodie world, places that served food would make it fantastic! Since that's not going to happen, you just go into those places hoping for the best. I've never had anything great here. Nacho platter too many re fried beans, to little nacho's....annnnnd I'm out!   So what did we learn here? Good venue, stick to beer and wine and eat at a better restaurant beforehand. The talent is really what you're there for so, enjoy the show!
I've been here twice now, and like the others you really only come to Improve Comedy Club for the show. Very reasonably priced for shows  though they have the two item minimum so would suggest they all be drinks.  The food leaves little to be desired. We decided for the sake of time to grab dinner at the venue since the show started at 7. Having a free appetizer coupon we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip along with the sauteed grilled chicken. Spinach and artichoke dip was good though cheesy rich along with cheese sprinkled on top of the chips. Sauteed grilled chicken - hmmm.... I think the chicken was frozen - definitely not fresh - and the guacamole was artificial with a glop of cheese. It looked like a mess with big ole pile of fries. A lot of food for $10. Service has always been pleasant though they do automatically tack on the tip for you at 18%.
There's nothing like a Saturday night filled with some good laughs, a few chuckles and a couple of good guffaws thrown in for good measure.  That's exactly what we enjoyed on Saturday night!  We hit the comedy club for an evening of Tammy Pescatelli - the hubby and I have enjoyed her routine on TV and on the occasional DVE morning show..  She didn't fail to give us a good evening of laughs!  The big surprise, was Gene Collier - yep, of the Post-Gazette sports writer fame - as the opener.  What a great opening act!  He cracked wise about the perils of being 58 and a baby boomer.  We could relate!  The sightlines were lacking.  There was a rather large woman at the table in front of us with massive Pittsburgh BIG HAIR.  All night long my own head bobbed from side to side as I attempted to actually watch the show, and not just listen to it, as she reached repeatedly and unceasingly for her tableful of snacks.    With a 2 drink minimum, my first drink was weak and the 2nd was quite strong!  All in all, the two balanced each other out.  But then, you don't go for the drinks, do you?  An enjoyable evening!
Tom Green was appearing here on Jan 22, 2012. He was hilarious.   The Improv is an excellent comedy club, in past shows I've seen Jim Krenn, Margaret Cho, Billy Elmer, and so many more I forget. Much like Live from the Improv on TV, the brick back drop makes it feel like the NYC Improv.   Hint: eat elsewhere, the food isn't so great, have an appetizer until you get to another restaurant, most comedians head over to the Rock Bottom after to imbibe. Dave Attell is a regular at both places. Two drink minimum, drink them slow and go elsewhere after the show.
Decent, clean (as far as I could sense in the dim)... about on par for what you'd expect for a higher-end comedy club.  That includes the $10/drink, two-drink minimum, automatic 18% gratuity, and the comic spouting out the obligatory, "don't forget to tip your waitress."  Trying to judge the place on its own merits and not on the entertainment value of the comics.  (If the latter, since we were here for Frank Caliendo, I'd have given the place the full 5 stars if only for him alone!)  Total cash bled out of my pocket brought it down from what could have been a 4-star experience for us.  $80 for tickets online included $10 "service fee" and tax (we had to: this was a sold out show).  Add $25 for drinks, gratuity, and more tax.  We're talking 3-digits of $$$ for less than 2 hours of entertainment squeezed in between other patrons and glass-wielding servers while you sit on rickety chairs.  That's what a headliner act will cost ya!  Will you see us here again?  Probably... but cost makes it unlikely to be a weekly thing for us.
I love the Improv. I think its a great way to start or spend a night! Nothing like a laughter filled night. I think its great that we get so many great comedians coming our way (Owen Benjamin, Pablo Francisco super funny Tammy Pescatelli not so much.)  Things you should be aware of: The staff is really strict on the 2 drink minimum so be prepared to spend money on the pricey food and drinks. I kinda wish their menu was a little bit more extensive. Their service is spotty  The wait staff is a little iffy. I have been here MANY times and sometimes I get an attentive waitress and sometimes not. Most recently our waitress was rude, didn't bother with pleasantries and barely took notice of us. Also beware of the fact they automatically add gratuity. If our waitress was nice I would be more than glad to add to it but this time I was like no way!  p.s. when I used my groupon I didn't have any trouble
Who doesn't love to laugh? The improv is a great place to go for a good show a few times a year. The venue is clean. The comedians are good, for the price, and many times you get a steal and can see a great comedian for a low price (i.e.Tommy Johnagin). However, be advised, if you attend more than one show every couple of months, you will see some of the same opening acts repeated. This is my biggest gripe with the Improv. I've been to the Improv about 3 times over the past 4 months and have seen the same opening acts a few times. I think they cycle through the same 4-5 comedians. Are there not more talented comedians in Pittsburgh? As noted in other reviews, another area of improvement is the drinks and food. I always attend the late showing so that I can eat elsewhere. The food is mediocre bar food at best. Nothing more needs to be said about that. I definitely don't mind the two drink minimum. I've been known to consume more than two drinks in one setting but, the drinks are insanely overpriced. $5 for a Miller Lite, $4 for a Snapple, $10 for a fountain drink with refills. You're better off having your two drinks during the show and going over the Sing Sing after for a draft .  . or four. In addition, since they started offering a large Groupon discount, the Improv has been packed. Be aware that if you only have two people in your party, they may seat strangers at your table who are 6 feet tall and block your view.
Spent New Years Eve at the Comedy Club to bring the new year.   I am new but it was a good time.   We had unlimited champagne, fruit and cheese.   The comedy was good.  The service was great.  The atmposhere was okay but it was a comedy clud :-).     You should check it out - Comedy clubs bring a little spice to the city :-)  Enjoy!
I love that we have a great comedy club in Pittsburgh with a great location at the Waterfront.  Perfect for a date night and I recommend going to a later show and grabbing dinner beforehand.  I received an online coupon code for $5 tickets for John Heffron. What a deal-def. check for deals before you pay full price for any shows here.  We went early to pick up the tickets at the ticket office.  People were lined up outside about an hour before the show and it was freezing out.  I had no interest in doing this so we grabbed a beer across the street at Rock Bottom. Once they opened the doors (15 minutes before show time) the line went quickly and even though we were at the end we still got seated at a table in the back.  It is not huge inside so there aren't really any bad seats.  They usually have an MC for the night who starts  warming up the crowd. This guy was funny and so was the opening act before John Heffron.  My only complaint about this place is that they have a two drink minimum and the prices are outrageous.  $9.50 for a mixed well drink and $7 for draft beers.  The soda was $3.50! Yikes!  At least we didn't pay full price for the tickets.
My husband and I love going to comedy shows and have seen some pretty good acts at the Improv. Ticket prices aren't bad either. I am very particular about where I sit, and the person who seats you is willing to let you sit where you choose, especially if it's on a Thursday or Sunday night, since those aren't particularly busy nights.  I did have one bad experience, which is why I'm giving this review 3 stars instead of 4 (it only takes one poor experience, people!). My husband and I went to see one of our favorite comedians on a Thursday night. There is a two-item minimum, so we decided we would just eat dinner at the show. Well, we were mistaken. First of all, our waitress was rude and slow. After sitting there for 5 or 6 minutes without service she finally comes over and asks what we want. We both order a drink and food, to which she tells us that the kitchen caught on fire earlier that day so all they have are salads and desserts. I was annoyed that she even asked what we wanted instead of starting out with this important fact.  At any rate, I order a Caesar salad and a beer. It comes out and it's iceburg lettuce with shredded cheese, tomatoes, and other veggies. In other words, a regular salad. I inform the waitress of this and she seemed totally confused. I suppose she did not understand the difference, which was odd.   Overall, I felt that there was no apology for the fact we couldn't eat, let alone everyone else in the place. Salad or dessert aren't the greatest choices when you are expecting to eat dinner at the show. I think the Improv should have waived the two-item minimum on this occasions, even if it cost them money.   Afterwards, I emailed the Improv with my concerns. Never. Heard. Back.  That being said, I will most likely return to the Improv....but not for the service. Because it's a great place to see comedy shows and isn't that expensive. Customer service is terrible.
If The Improv chain didn't bring in such amazing comedians, this place would be totally screwed.   I always have fun watching the comedians, but I can't help but leave with such a bitter taste in my mouth from how much of a rip off this place is.  First you buy the tickets, but if you buy online you have an outrageous service charge. The real kicker is having to buy a minimum of 2 items during the show, beers are $5 or $6 and the cheapest things on the menu, I believe. Cocktails are $11-$13. I think glasses of wine are around $8. There is a pretty good selection of food options.   The improv does have a lot of great comedians who pass through! Even the opening acts are generally great! Line up early if you want a great seat right in the front!   The point is, a night at the Improv will be fun, but if you aren't prepared for it, it can end up being a pretty unexpectedly and unreasonably expensive affair.
The food is why I give them three stars.  Burger was processed and 1/2 raw, loaded fries where some random cheese.  Comedy depends on who you see.
We've been to the improv comedy club twice now and both shows were amazing; even the opening acts!   The only downfall is the two drink minimum, which I understand, but their prices make it ridiculous. We stuck to beer because we knew it wouldn't be watered down. Our waitress was horrible. We did not have an opportunity to order our second drinks until the other waitresses were bringing out checks. If our waitress was more attentive, the club could have made more money off of us. Oh well.   I would recommend eating at a restaurant before the show because the food menu is limited and overpriced.   The only other thing I'm not a fan of is the seating. We were fortunate enough to get there early and have the back of a booth. The last few people who arrived got the turned around seats in front of us. I feel that the club should invest in long, thin tables like bars have so everyone has a surface to put their food or drinks.   Overall, we love the comedians so we'll definitely be back.
Roxy was very funny. Would definitely come back to see her!
Positives: They regularly bring in national acts.  I have seen many of my favorite comics here.  Also, you get an opportunity to briefly meet the entertainers on your way out.  Negatives: Drink prices are high, and food quality in respect to the price is disproportional.  Entertainer-wise, there is a local comic who opens up for many of the main attractions.  I have seen him open up no less than four times over a span of 3 years, and his act is exactly the same every time.  I have it almost memorized.  Continue doing the things you do well, and try to improve the things that almost everyone on Yelp complains about, and you'll be looking at 5 stars from most.  No one wants to come to the Improv to get "Straint Up" (see what I did there, Improv?)
I love a good night of comedy. But recently i have gone to a couple and they were not all that funny one was a special event too. I would recommend eating at another restaurant prices seem to be a little over priced.
Quality of the show and comedians = 5 stars. I saw Ian Bagg and he tore down the house. Just the opening 3 minutes of his act had me dying. I was involved in bringing all the big name comedy acts to Ohio State as a student and I have to say I was really surprised at how good Ian's improv was. So there's no complaint here.   Quality of Groupon's value = 1 star. So I still had to pay for tickets. Yep at $20 for 2 people. Not bad but the 2 item minimum is zero bang for your buck. The menu online is incorrect and the actual prices are EVEN higher than a $8 slice of frozen cake and $11 for a plate of 8 chicken nuggets. Holy moly, it's like cheap pub food at high end bistro price. Then you have to tip on top of that $50 bill (PLUS the $20 for tickets!) for two people and a crappy meal? Wow. I get that the place is trying to gouge money out of you for a good show. Well...try this--charge $25 per person for the tickets and have the menu be optional. This way, you can guarantee high ticket sales but also get the people who will drink and eat there regardless.   Portions are reasonable, I suppose. I got the BLT meal and chocolate chip cheesecake. Left me very full but you best believe the only reason I ate there was because I needed to hit that 2-item min. Seating was pretty cramped because you'll have to sit with strangers.   I went to the 7pm show which was great because you can be seated early and just eat while you wait for the show to start. I saw this longass line when I left that I assumed to be the 9:30pm show with everyone waiting outside in the cold. Seems like a crappy setup for the later show! Service was haphazard. Some of the waitresses seemed pretty attentive and quick but mine was particularly slow. He wasn't rude but twice I had to ask the other waitress for sauce and a water refill. We got up to get napkins ourselves. I would wave to catch his attention and he would hurry off the opposite direction. Ugh.   Please, Groupon, there needs to be reform on this pricing structure. Come out with a new deal of paying full price for the tickets and then waiving the 2-item minimum!
Went there for a comedy open mic competition.  A friend of mine was performing--he was excellent and won his competition.    The club itself is pretty nice--great layout and the staff were all nice.  I didn't drink so can't comment on the quality of food or drinks, but everything looked good and the wait staff seemed attentive enough.    Located in Homestead in Waterfront area.  Not as cool as if it were in the city, but still pretty good.
Nice Giant Eagle, not as nice as their new Market Districts, but you can look at this Giant Eagle and see how they came up with the Market District Idea and rolled with it. Fresh made sushi, good cheese selection, awesome bakery.
Wahhhhh!!!! They're remodeling this one and it's frustrating! I swear I don't mind change. I really don't~  I should have seen this coming.  There were telltale signs of this happening. First, they switched the pharmacy to the other end of the store where the now defunct Iggle video was. That's A-ok with me, I didn't use the pharmacy anyway.   But THEN, THEN they moved the whole toiletries section over there. They put my spaghetti and "ethnic food" section (by the way, I love that ethnic food includes spaghetti) to where my Tylenol was. My kitty food is now where my spaghetti once was. Can you tell how exasperated I'm getting??   Did I mention I don't mind change? But here's the thing, I really hate grocery shopping. It's kinda sorta my own fault because I must read every label to make sure I'm not eating something with 25 grams of fat and 5000 calories (even though ice cream may go into my cart from time to time.) So going to this Giant Eagle frequently was nice because I KNEW WERE EVERYTHING WAS. Now I don't....wahhh!   Ok, I'll stop crying. I know I'll eventually be back. I'm sure (??) it will be an even better more magical grocery shopping experience once they're done. But I can't take it for right now. I'll be forced to shop at the Ghetto Bird down in the Southside until my former #1 store is all shiny and new again.
This place has amazing selection when it comes to some things and zero selection when it comes to others.  We popped in here a couple times over the weekend I spent in PIT and both times they didn't really have what we were looking for.  Visit #1: Liquid smoke.  Visit #2: Hawaiian rolls.  I know these items must exist in PA just not @G-Eagle.    They did however have crazy selection when it came to things like....corned beef brisket or anything that has potato in it.  My californian mind was boggled by the variety of brands and cuts of corned beef that were available.  Too bad that wasn't what I was there for.
I drive near this Giant Eagle on my daily commute, so I shop at this location approximately once/week. The location is pretty, and the beer selection is descent. They carry my favorite lambic, so I really can't complain! They also have a very nice health and beauty section. Overall, they usually have the products that I need.  My only complaint would be wait time to check out. They never have enough cashiers at peak hours. The store has like 20 checkout lanes, but generally only 5-8 open at a time. I always dread checking out, and whenever I see that checkout lines look relatively clear, I hurry around the store and quickly gather the products that I plan to buy.
I've stopped by here a few times (most recently tonight) to pick up random groceries.  This store is located next to one of the bike trails that I frequent, hence its convenience despite being fairly far from my apt.  On the positive side, I appreciate the size of this store and the selection of products.  In terms of size, it's larger than the Shadyside Market District (my normal grocery store, hence my standard of comparison), and I'd say the product selection is very similar.  Unlike the MD, when I've visited, the aisles have seemed fairly empty of customers, which may be due to the times of my visits (usually between 7-8pm), as well as the size of the store.  Because it's not a Market District, the prices are a bit less expensive, which is nice.  On the negative side, the checkout always seems to take forever due to slow customers and/or employees, despite that I've only purchased a couple of items at a time.  The "express" lanes move at the speed of molasses, and the self-checkouts are even worse.  Speaking of which, this store has *way* too many self-checkout lanes (about a third of the lanes), and the non-express ones with the belts are unintuitive.  Prior to tonight, I would have awarded this store a rating of 4 or perhaps even 4.5.  However, checkout tonight was even more of a PITA than it usually is.  None of the normal express checkout lanes were staffed with cashiers, despite that I saw at least one employee loafing around talking to another.  So, I was forced to use one of the many self-checkout lanes.  Normally, I don't mind this, esp. when I'm only purchasing a couple of items, but the empty self-checkout lane that I spotted was one with a conveyor belt, and I couldn't figure out how to use it (not that it mattered, since I had only one item, but the self-checkout lanes must be operated using a very specific procedure--see below).  So, I moved over to one of the express self checkout lanes (similar to those in the Shadyside MD), which I knew how to operate.  However, I still managed to bungle the process since I forgot to scan my one item *before* I put it on the scale that doubles as a bagging station, so I had to wait for one of the ever-so-slow employees to come over and key in an authorization code so I could pay.  I'm not sure if the self-checkout stands that GE uses are standard in the industry, since I've never used them anywhere else, but I *hate* the whole weighing/bagging process.  In order to use the self-checkout stations, each item must be scanned and then placed on the scale, and if the weight isn't correct for any reason (including using your own bag), an employee is summoned to check it.  I assume the intention is to prevent people from shoplifting, but (1) it's a major PITA for both customers and employees; (2) most of the employees (including the one I dealt with tonight) don't care, and just key the code without even looking at the error message explaining why they were summoned; and (3) I doubt most shoplifters pay for any of the items they're pilfering--they most likely just stuff them into their purse, clothes, etc. and walk out!  /rant  3.5 stars.
I don't know why, but I just can't like this location very much.  I lived in the area for a little over three years and would always go to another GE before this one.  Maybe it's the way it's set up or maybe it's the way that the lighting seems so very dim.  The selection is typical for any GE, broad and expansive.  Some prices are a bit steep.    This location, like many others, has expanded their pharmacy/health care area.  Which is nice, it saves an extra trip to a drug store.
I still cannot believe that Pittsburgh has no independent bookstores!  As a result of this I have ended up spending a fair bit of time at this Barnes and Noble location.  As with all Barnes and Noble stores it has a cafe and a decent selection of popular titles.  I am a bit surprised at how smallish it is compared to other stores in this chain.    The bargain section seems to be perpetually picked through.  The selection is ok in that it is well stocked but sometimes a bit disorganized from other customers pawing through the books, less popular titles are a bit hard to find.  The customer service here is pretty good.  They could use more chairs.
Great Barnes and Noble location, and they have plenty of books that'll help you pass the time.
I have to agree with Matthew U on this one. I do enjoy Barnes & Nobles but sometimes i get lost just trying to find a darn calendar. I went here after a dinner date with some neighbors and couldn't believe how packed it was. We had to wait 10 minutes just to find enough chairs to seat 4 people. We ended up stealing them from other tables. Not to mention my hubby stood in line for 15 minutes just to get an Ice tea lemonade.  So amidst all the books, newspapers and magazines they have an audio and video section. The prices aren't anything to rave about. I can buy the same movies online for a lot cheaper there's just the waiting period. I do shop here sometimes for there discount books. I found a lot of great recipe and mystery books for really cheap, like under $5. That's a pretty good deal but considering there is a half priced book store who has a great selection of books for literally half the price of retailers, how can you beat those prices.   B&N is more of a hangout spot with books in case you want to buy one right there and then. But everything is kind of confusing you always need to ask where something is. I'd rather shop online for anything i really want. It's just not worth it to buy it wholesale.
This bookstore is absolutely packed full of stuff! They have lots of books, a display of Nooks, DVDs and CDs, miscellaneous items like notebooks and calendars, and a cafe. Though a large assortment is nice, I feel like the space is very cramped. I have purchased a couple books from here - which were pretty easy to find - and have purchased food items from the cafe.   The cafe is not very impressive. I've been pretty underwhelmed by all the food items that I've purchased here. I got a slice of quiche here last night when I only had 10 minutes before a hair appointment at Ulta across the street. Not only did they take 5 minutes to microwave it, but it also came out smelling burnt and burning hot.   A little band was singing and playing a variety of instruments while I was here. I wasn't very impressed until I realized that they were high school kids. I thought it as really nice that Barnes & Noble would let them perform in the store... and a great way for B&N to get a lot of their family members in the store, too.
Are B&N not allowed to have lounge areas anymore? I used to love studying and doing work in their comfy chairs and sit there allllll day... but I feel like within the last 4 years or so, I haven't been in a single B&N that had such areas anymore. I love books and have always felt that B&N can give you a good deal. But I'm not a fan of this particular location because it's not that big. Although, it is pretty clean!  The Starbucks area they have is okay. The starbucks employees in these types of locations are always not the best..but I don't go there for the coffee obviously. I do find it annoying that they don't take Starbucks giftcards though - I believe they take B&N giftcards and you can also apply your B&N membership discount.  Also, their bathrooms are pretty atrocious. If you can hold it, I would advise you to hold it.  Parking: the location is within a shopping area..so I wouldn't say it has it's own private lot per se, but it's an open lot and not actual 'street parking.'
It seems every time we go to Waterfront we end up coming here every time. I like the store but it seems rather daunting in that it's so huge.  Pretty much every time we come here if we haven't already hit up the Starbucks in the middle of the walkable part of the Waterfront where many of the retail stores are we'll go to this one which isn't that far away.  There's much more seating at this Starbucks than the one in the middle as well as it just feels less cramped.  The store hasn't changed much, most of the special and clearance stuff is at the front while the alternative entrance at the back is where all the music and movies are.  The store is pretty organized though by type whether it's children's, fiction, magazines, games and toys etc there's pretty much something for everybody.    The Nook section is pretty much right when you walk in through the main entrance.  I do like this store however I wonder how long it will exist with everything like Amazon and e-Readers changing how people get their material these days.
I stopped in here yesterday looking for something specific...I wanted to find a book with lateral thinking puzzles or some type of mini mysteries. You know, the kind where there is a short story (2 or 3 pages) with some type of problem or 'who-done-it' to solve at the end. My bestie and I go to the pool a lot in the summer and I thought it would be something fun to sit and read while we were lounging out. I used to read them all of the time when I was younger and thought it would be something different. And yes, I know I could check online but, hey, I was already here.  Any-who....I go in and easily find the "customer service" area, which is located in the middle of the store. It is a round kiosk. One woman is being waited on by an employee. There are 5 other employees standing behind the kiosk, talking among themselves. One of the workers notices me and comes over to help. I tell him what I'm searching for and he quickly looks it up on the computer. He takes me to an area of puzzles, but they are crosswords, sudokus, coloring books, etc. I tell him these aren't what I'm looking for. He said he might have something where the magazines are. He goes off to check while I look around. He comes back with some magazines, but it still isn't what I'm interested in. (sorry c dub). I thank him and continue to browse on my own.   Pros: the place is clean and well organized. Areas are pretty well marked by genre, discount books, cards, etc. The guy who assisted me was friendly and tried to be as helpful as possible.   Cons: They didn't have what I was looking for. Also, it was not very appropriate to see a bunch of staff standing around the middle of the store while there are a lot of customers around.
one of my favorite places to go in pittsburgh with friends. good place to chill, eat, drink and watch the game, and maybe some pool afterwards. the food is not bad, they have pretty good deals for those who are on a budget. "dollar burger night" where you build your own burger is fun, but the patties can be dry sometimes, so remember to get them sauced. iceberg wedge salad is a good salad to have, the wings arent as good as you would like, i had tried the spicy killer ones and didnt even have to drink water. but overall its a nice place to go because it's cleaner than most bars you will go and it serves better food than other places as well.
Nice venue,  good food, great beer, awful service.  Staying at the Sheraton here I've patronized Bar Louie a dozen times recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time, without exception.
An absolute must if you're going to a movie and want a drink ($3 drafts and $5 special martinis) and some half-off apps on a weekday from 5 to 7. However, we were bothered that none of the special martinis actually resembled a real martini. No gin or vermouth was used, it's mostly purees and champagne floats with flavored vodkas.  Anyway, the small plates made for good "upscale" bar food. Half-price apps make for a cheap, but nice, dinner and a movie - great, great specials. However, I would not buy a full-priced dinner here. Nothing aside from the apps grabbed me for the outstanding price. The baked goat cheese was small but delicious, and the tempura fried shrimp was just right but the sauces didn't match up exactly.  Be warned that the seats make you feel like you're going to be swallowed by them. Seriously, the booth was like sitting in the mouth of a whale.
The Pros: Great view of the city and river in good weather...   Lovely for loud large groups Varied menu with some original items Great place to watch a game inside with a huge bar Fun location Good place to take out of towners.  The Cons: The food when I went yesterday was not great.  We got the wrong sandwich, our order wasn't as described because the kitchen was out of "lots of things"  (Tell us when we order, not when you deliver the meal without elements on the plate.)   Can be loud--not a place for a romantic date... The bathroom condition was really bad.  The server did comp up an appetizer, and they were friendly enough.. they just failed to wow.   The view was great, and we did enjoy walking around seeing the fountain dance to "Pour some sugar on me"  seriously?!?!?  Yes!   Classy eh?
Went there on Saturday night following a movie at loews.  We sat at the bar and watched the olympics on their  multiple large flatscreen tvs.   Ordered the calamari and shrimp quesadillas.   The calamari was crisp and plentiful the quesadilla however missed the mark.   It wasnt crispy and it tasty sauscy instead of gooey.   The menu is large and reminds me of epcot with all the different ethnicities represented.   gordan Ramsey would probably comment on the lack of focus at first sight.   Miller Lites are $4 a pop which was a big downer as i got my $85 bill for two apps and multiple miller lites.    Great atmosphere and probably a fine place to watch the pens game. Food looks like its hit or miss  All in all would rather drive down the road to the south side for a post movie food grub and tottie.
Service has always been good and the food consistent, we usually come for happy hour when apps are half off and there's some great deals on drinks as well.  Things that stand out to me: veggie wrap, fried zucchini, hummus tabuleh and tzatziki platter, and house salad with ranch (their ranch is so good I could eat it with a spoon)
Food was ok. Waitress was a huge air head. Waited 25 min for my $7.00 beer. Only got it after I reminded her. It is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised as a local commodity.
Although I wouldn't  travel out of my way to have dinner here, this is a resturant that I enjoy having a meal at, when I am in the Homestead water front. On all of my visits here I have enjoyed the tempura shrimp. The dipping sauce are to die for.  I've found myself craveing the tempura shrimp, and the accompanying sauces.   The first time I ever had dinner here was as a birthday dinner with me and my big sister. So this resturant has sentimental value to me. I attach eating here to having a special night out in the Waterfront.   Bar Louie has some very flavorful and fun dishes for bar food, that is.
It was the first time that I went to this location.  We sat outside and it was a beautiful night.  I had the BBQ Burger with fries.  For the price of the burger I expected something much better.  It was a very thin burger when it came to the meat.  As a whole it looked large but that was only because of what they piled on top of it.  In addition, their drinks are expensive!  Just one cocktail could run between $10-$12 and they aren't very large.  Our waitress spent more time talking to her friends at the next table than actually tending to our needs.  There are enough restaurants at the Waterfront that I don't know that I will come back here.
I personally enjoyed my recent visit to Bar Louie with a friend but completely understand the poor reviews on help. The restaurant is pricey for what it is, and our waitress was a bit lackluster.  So why does Bar Louie get 3 stars? Happy Hour and a nice patio!  Happy Hour is on Monday-Friday from 4-7pm and offers lots of different options -- $3 Drafts, $4 Wines, $5 Martinis, and 1/2 Price Select Appetizers and Flatbreads. My friend and I ordered 4 Martinis and 3 Appetizers between the 2 of us, and our bill was less than $40 total. Not bad!  I ordered a Strawberry Peach Bellini and a S'Mores Martini, and both were tasty. We shared Bruschetta Pomodoro, Spinach & Artichoke Dip, and Roasted Vegetable Flatbread. The food was also good, and I would order all three items again in the future.  My recommendation is to understand what Bar Louie is good at (Happy Hour) and only frequent the restaurant at those times!
This place was pretty good food, but the service however was just horrible. As a friend said they hire for looks, not work ethic. Plus the fact that it took forty minutes just to get a couple appetizers was ridiculous. Our server seemed more interested in the table full of girls than actually waiting on us. The couple behind us came in the same time and wasn't even attended too until after OUR appetizers were being cleared off.   The food was pretty good, but because of the service I won't be returning.
As far as chain restaurants go, Bar Louie is ok. I really like their appetizers and their salads, but I don't care for their burgers or pastas. Their drinks are ok. They're normal corporate restaurant drinks...i.e., Applebees.  Service is hit or miss. Last time I went, I had just fine service. The time before that was also just fine. Sometimes the server is a little spazzy and seems new or doesn't know wtf he's talking about. (Once, I went and ordered red zinfandel and he brought me white zinfandel and argued with me that it was red zinfandel. I had to explain to him that white zinfandel can be confusing because it is, in fact, pink. I still don't think he believed me. It would've been amusing if it weren't for the fact that it was actually annoying).   Things I like: calamari, pretzel sticks, wedge salad, some of the sandwiches. Things I dislike: frozen burgers they sell for $1.  Great to stop in right before a movie at Loews, though! :-)
My sons a and I came for Tuesday Dollar Burger Night. You can gat a "burger" (beef, chicken, portabella, or turkey) in a bun with lettuce for a buck. Then you can add toppings to complete your burger at a small cost-cheese 75 cents, veggies 50 cents, Artery Cloggers 75 cents, sauce 25 cents. Those are the headings and they have items listed under them-like 9 different cheeses. You can also get a basket of tots or fries for a small price as well.  My burger was $2.25 after I added toppings. Is it the best burger I've ever had? No. But is it the best $2.25 burger I've ever had?  Yes. It's kind if a Russian roulette as to how your burger will come to you cooked. Mine was well done and one if my son's burger had pink in the middle. We probably could have sent it back but we don't mind a little pink.  I love the tater tots!  They are crispy and have the right amount of salt. Yummy!! Our server was great and we'll definitely be back.
Great environment at night! Songs going on very lively!! The food of my friends who ordered burger and fried shrimps was not that great. But I ordered chicken flatbread which was really delicious! Absolutely loved it  will definitely go here again just for the flatbreads
I went this evening. The chop chop salad was awesome. The shrimp tempora was too bready. The bartenders were awful.
Came here for happy hour and a bite to eat on a Friday evening.  They have some great happy hour deals - $3 drafts (with a nice selection) and half off flat bread pizza. I believe there are three or four different types of the flat bread to choose from.    My friend and I sat at the bar and I have to say the service was just ok.  We weren't given plates or silverware with our pizza, the servers didn't seem to know what the other was doing, and it was a bit haphazard.  I ordered a burger medium rare that came out so rare I could have milked the cow.  However, the tatertots served with it were delicious.  Located at the Waterfront across from the movie theater Bar Louie offers both indoor and outdoor seating and is a decent option if you don't want to wait around at the other restaurants (Burgatory is directly across from it!).    This will not be a go to destination for me but it is a decent happy hour choice.
I've had a pretty wide variety of experiences at Bar Louie.  Sometimes I go and the service is decent and the drinks are good, and sometimes I go and the service is really slow and the drinks are flat or just plain bad.  The one thing that is usually pretty consistent though is the food.  Any food that I have ordered has always been pretty good.  I've never had an amazing experience here, but I do still go back for food and drink specials and because of its location near the movie theater.
My boyfriend and I came for $1 burger night and the food was delicious! I am not a huge bread fan; I usually eat my sandwiches open faced but I loved the buns. My boyfriend ordered a $1chicken and a $1burger  and got both chicken. That wouldn't be a big deal if the service made up for mistakes. We love the atmosphere and taste of food but the service is horrible. This review is not based on a one night experience. Out of three different times we have experienced bad service- very inattentive. Managers need to review the importance of service with their staff.  If some one likes you and you are attentive to their needs, they are less likely to complain! Bit when you are ignored and they make mistakes, most make it a point to bring it to a managers attention!
Our adventure to the water front landed us here after our dinner at rock bottom! We just came in here for a post dinner beer! I cannot really comment on anything except the quick bar service! We went up to the bar and ordered our beers! Nothing to complicated!   It was such a nice night out that we sat outside in front of the fire they had going! The fire pits were located in each of the bar tables! I thought it was pretty cool how they set that up! We weren't here very long!   Would we visit this place again? Who knows but it helped us kill sometime before we had to go to sing sing
Surprisingly good fried chicken sandwich (with decent tater tots) and great Happy Hour beverage prices on a Wednesday night including $3.25 drafts, some domestics were $1.   Considering it was a 70+ degree day in March, they were slammed and severely understaffed. No one was bussing tables except the waitresses, and they weren't very attentive to tables, which led to some angry customers around us.  Still a worthwhile Happy Hour to check out:
This is a Bar Louie and it's in one of the most touristy/family-friendly parts of town, so it's not ever going to be an extremely highly rated experience for me personally. I went here with my boyfriend for a friend's birthday a few weeks back however, and I can say that this location (as opposed to the nasty one in Station Square) is pretty okay. The restaurant is spacious inside with plenty of potential to expand outdoors during the warmer months. We had excellent table service from a very nice server who did a good job keeping everyone's drinks full. It was dollar beer night, but all of the options on special were unfortunately not palatable if you like good beer. I would be much more inclined to come back for a beer night if BL rotated one (just one!) nice craft option in with the others. Plenty of people will still choose the piss of course, but ones like me would be so happy. The free chips and dip appetizer I ordered was great at least, particularly the guacamole. If I ever was in the area I would come back and get that again and possibly a drinkable beer during happy hour, since those prices looked good.
One dolla holla! Such excitement yet such epic failure when the Tuesday $1 custom burgers showed up naked as all get-out. One can't really complain for a $1. But, when Betty barkeep remediated the situ and fetched all of the toppings initially ordered, the burger and portabella were worth the wait. And gimme some more o' dem tots yo! Straight up addictive with salt + pepper and a hint o' lime. Bar Louis is showing its age, but it has been an anchor at the ever-changing Waterfront.
I've been to Bar Louie several times and I don't have much to say about the food other than is it average and pretty boring bar food. The one thing different is the option for tater tots which people seem to enjoy. Service is fine and prices average. My most favorite thing from Bar Louie is without a doubt, the Berry Mojito! I want one now they are so good! Made with fresh berries and mint! I must get one every time! You will not be disappointed if you like mojitos! I think they are $10 which some might think is expensive but they are just so good! Good wise, I still haven't had anything I really like and I'd rather just come here for drinks.
Sandcastle is a mixed bag for the kiddos.  On the one hand, there are plenty of waterslides/pools that are a good fit for young "riders", on the other hand, Sandcastle, like any city amusement park, attracts more than its fair share of highschool kids looking to spend some time away from their parents and assert their personhood.    Unfortunately that element doesn't particularly care about "censoring" speech for 9 year old ears, and worse, in the Mon Tsunami, about personal space, since the wave pool becomes a near mosh pit of jostling and strutting and shoving and 'showing off' for the fairer sex, and that can be a little dicey for the littler kids.  Having said that, it's still a good day at the park. . . cheese fries, a cool dip in the pool on a hot day, some fun slides. . .   I think in rating Sandcastle fairly you have to understand the context of the park.  It is NOT policed particularly effectively.  if you take small children you have to be a diligent parent and be aware of your surroundings, paying attention to the group of 17 somethings thrashing around in your near vicinity, "accidentally" bumping into people for a reaction from their group.    MOSTLY it's a good time.  Mostly.
We're lucky to have a waterpark in the Burgh.  I have to keep telling myself that when I want to complain about this place.  I DO think it's a great place to take the fam or even, in my case, spend a day relaxing... if you can!    Let's do the compliment sandwich.  Positive - negative - positive!    The negative... I feel like Sandcastle is the forgotten redheaded stepchild of Kennywood.  They keep pouring money into K-wood, but Sandcastle stays the same year after year.  Now, granted I haven't been there in YEARS, but everything seemed the same as I left it other than one new slide.  I haven't been there in about 9 years.  One new slide in 9 years?  Hmmmmm....  I see major places to improve.  Especially the pool.  I honestly think the slides are great, although you could always add more, they're still fun.  The pool... it's just packed.  So packed that you'd think they'd add a second pool.  Looking around it looks like they have the extra space.  Maybe an adults only pool?  Swimming with 20 zillion kids, plus adults drinking (yes I like that you can bring your bevvie in the pool... but it's kinda weird being around so many kids) and you start to wonder how clean the water is.  I mean, 20 zillion kids you gotta expect a good amount of kiddos are peeing in the pool!    The sidewalks are also scalding hot.  I'd assume since many of the people are walking around barefoot you'd be able to custom order some kind of non sun absorbing surface.  And I"m NOT investing in those dorky water shoes, sorry!    I'm ALWAYS happy to see a Potato Patch stand!  Just as good as K-wood!  They also serve chicken tender, which is nice if you want a little meat to add on.  Nothing more is needed for me!  Although the frozen drinks looked tasty and tempting, it was so hot out I was just downing water by the gallons.  You're also allowed to bring in your own snacks and food, which I think is nice for families who want to save a little mola.    Again, Sandcastle is so awesome to have in the Burgh, it would be nice to see improvements.  It always seems packed in the summer months, so why not keep on improving it?  Or maybe they think don't fix what's not broken.  I just may stick to a cleaner, less pee filled community pool for my water fun fix!
okay, so it's not as fun as kennywood but i guess it's still cool...   i planned ahead a day to go for me & bobby (his first time) it was supposed to be nice day, but the weather changed in 2 weeks..   we picked a nice time.. since it was literally supposed to rain all day, there werent any long lines/ we literally rode every water slide in one hour. then we went to head to the lazy river--- & it was closed! they said it was closed due to not enough attendence, but i mean come on. we still paid $70 for 2 people to come in this park where i just rode everything in one hour.. keep the lazy river open so i can kill an hour! aah. the cliff hanger was also closed- like always.   so we just went and rode everything again. the Dragon's Den is sweet and the blue tubaluba is as well. bobby had a blast on the speed slides. i have to admit though, i do miss the regular body slide.   another reason i chose august 3rd to go to sandcastle was that the park was open until 7pm rather than 5 or 6 like regular days. well actually at 4:45 we recieved a "15 minute warning" that the park was closing at 5 due to rain. ugh, a little more time would've been helpful.   i couldnt hear the warning and asked an employee who said they were closing in ten minutes due to the weather and being under-staffed to stay open until 7. it started to rain at 5 and literally at 5:20 the rain was over . the park could've just shut down the rides until the rain cloud passed,  but due to being under-staffed would rather hand out rain checks.. which is fine because we get an another entire day, but i mean it would be a terrible inconvience from someone out of town who planned a family day.   overall, the smile on my boyfriend's face was priceless, but i truly wish we could've enjoyed the lazy river and the park until 7. hopefully next time things go as planned....
This is my 4th year as a season pass holder. Each year the park seems to go downhill a little. I was there yesterday and the bathroom by the wave pool was deplorable. I hate when people leave a bathroom disgusting but Sandcastle needs to do a better job of keeping them clean. Yesterday there were very few people at the park so keeping the bathrooms clean should have been easier.  The other issue I had yesterday is there was a young lady in her late teens/early 20's who was wear a black bikini. The bottoms were a modified thing. (Modified meaning it was a smidge wider than a whale's tail thong.). It was NOT appropriate at all. My family was sitting in the wave pool area and saw the young lady multiple times. Two of those times there was a female leader/manager who was standing there. She watched the girl and made comments to the workers but never said anything to the girl.  The Lifeguards are nice and do a good job. The employees at the food stations are also nice and service is quick. Our family is a big fan of Chic Fil A so we love it when they are there. The park just needs to tweak a few things to get 4 or 5 stars. Keeping restrooms clean and updating some of the chairs and loungers would be steps in the right direction.
This water park is alright. Definitely outdated and needs some work but it is a way to get out of the house on a hot summer day. Staff are friendly and lifeguards are alert. Prices are a little steep but with this being the only water park around they can get away with it.
So I moved to Pittsburgh from Los Angeles. I know I know I know! Anyway so theres absolutely no places in Homestead that delivered Chinese so I decided to walk down to the closest Chinese food/restaurant to my house.   The family that runs the restaurant is very friendly. I read a review about them on Google that said the  mom looks like she might want to cook you alive. Don't believe it!  On this visit I ordered the Steamed Dumplings(recommended by some reviewer on google...THAT LIAR) and the Vegetable Chow Fun. I generally enjoy steamed dumplings but these dumplings(too much dumpling little meat) werent so good. Theyll probably be sitting in my mini fridge tomorrow and I'll force myself to eat them when I have the munchies/starving to death. The Vegetable Chow Fun on the other hand verrrrrrrrrrrrrry yummy. Definately most have next time anyone decides to stop by.   But all in all the verdict is you typical Chinese Take Out Place.  *puts the menu on the fridge*
Not bad for neighborhood corner Chinese food. The Szechwan is not good. Too much...ketchup?? The wonton soup is good.  Very good curry chicken with onion and happy family.  Egg rolls are hit or miss. Sometimes they can be a little underdone.  Is this the best place? No...but it does the trick especially for a hangover cure.
If I were to describe this place in one sentence I would call it a mediocre, and cheaper version of Bettis 36 on the North Shore.  My wife and I won a gift card in a raffle.  We went for lunch on a Saturday. It was not crowded  We entered the restaurant and were promptly seated by a nice server.  The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated and did not feel run down or old in any way.  Our server took our drink order and returned promptly.  We got the pretzels with beer cheese appetizer and we each got a hamburger.  Our food arrived promptly and the appetizer was "fine".  10 years ago I would have called it good or better but time has marched on and expectations are higher then they once were.  The same goes for the main course. The fries were unremarkable but decent as were both burgers.    The bill was also fair.  The meal with two drinks and an appetizer was reasonable for what we got. The server was pleasant and attentive. All in all this Fridays as a good but likely quickly forgotten experience.  I would return here for lunch like I did today.
A T.G.I. Friday's is a T.G.I. Friday's. You either like it or hate it. This location is pretty standard; it has the expected mash-up of decorations around the walls that try to give the place a laid-back lounge feel and there's nothing outstanding about the menu or what they offer food wise (and like other Friday's, it's not particularly easy to eat here if you're anything other than a meat lover).  Honestly I wasn't expecting to eat here any time soon; I had called a few days before eating here while planning a day out with friends and asked about reservations for a large group (as it says on the T.G.I. Friday's website that it's ideal to call ahead when you have a large party). However, I was told on the phone that this location does not accept reservations. So my friends and I looked elsewhere, and finally walked across the street to Friday's after discovering just how darn long the waits at other restaurants were. At least Friday's only had a 15 minute wait.  Once we were seated our meal went by pretty uneventfully. I remember that we had to repeat ourselves a lot to our waitress and I had wondered why she was having trouble hearing us, but at least she was willing to ask questions and clarify things as opposed to taking a potentially wrong order back to the kitchen. Kudos. The food, as I mentioned earlier, was standard T.G.I.Friday's. Nothing particularly wrong with it, just not that exciting either. I had actually found one of the only low-calorie items on the menu at the last minute - a steak and vegetable dish - and standard or not I was honestly pretty happy with it. My steak was surprisingly juicy, came out fairly pink and was not overcooked at all (I'd ordered a medium temperature steak), and the simple and tasty vegetables offered a nice alternative to some of the other excessive dishes I saw on the menu. Not that that mattered after I ordered a rum punch cocktail, which mixed so much rum, fruit juice, sprite and other sugary beverages together that my teeth probably rotted a little bit in my head. It was worth it, though - that drink was a sweet, tall cup of Heaven.  This T.G.I.Friday's really fits my exact definition of an "a-ok" place - it's not terrible, nor is it not exceptional. It's just a decent place to grab a bite or to enjoy a drink. I'd consider coming back again, but admit that they wouldn't be my first choice so much as a solid back-up plan for when other Waterfront eateries are super busy.
Service was very slow from the beginning.. It took a while for us to get our water. I ordered a blue raspberry slushie which also took awhile to be served. It tasted okay.. But the mango peach slushie was way better! You can change flavours!   We got the all you can eat appetizers for $10 but now you can only get refills on the same appetizer you ordered. Whereas in the past, you could change the appetizers you ordered.  So we got loaded potato skins which was delicious. The skin was crispy and the potato was soft and the cheese was so good! The bacon bits were crispy!   We trie jack Daniels and barbecue boneless wings. The jack Daniels were my favourite. They were sweet and crispy!   The potstickers were very hot when they were first served and after awhile, the skin of the potsticker was just really floury and chewy.
I called ahead so we didnt have a long wait. I checked in when i got there recieved text from them as well as downloaded the no wait tip. All was working until we had one in front and nothing socthey sat 4 more tables and we ask and they dropped my reservation. Luckily the lady at the booth saw my text from them and cleaned a table and sat us right away but that was pretty frustrating being 9 months pregnant w a 6 yr old and my mother in law w back problems and having to stand there when we should have been seated. Otherwise the food was great i got endless apps and it was so filling for the money. Service was excellent we had Ed and we was really great made the experience very pleasant so thank you to him. Overall good experiance other than the reservation experiance and FILTHY bathrooms!!
This place is kind of a hybrid of Applebee's and CPK, which isn't to say it's bad, but nothing to rave about either. I got their slider meal, which was tiny (for me) and my friend got their steak (which was way tiny). The food was fine and the service was okay, but really felt like an Applebee's knockoff (and Applebee's isn't even worth knocking-offing anyway).   3 stars
Not quite authentic but good enough for Pittsburgh. It's the only place that I've found that even comes close to a classic Chicago style deep dish. I also had the french onion soup that wasn't bad. The croutons were still crunchy and it had just the right amount of cheese.  My girlfriend really enjoyed her Caesar salad and said she'd come back just for the salad.  Overall, I enjoyed it and would come back the next time I get a craving for a deep dish pizza. It wasn't authentic but it certainly was not terrible.
Came here on a Monday night.  Boy was the place dead!  I was the only only Customer at 8:30PM.  Ordered a thin crust pizza with extra cheese, pepperoni and mushrooms.  It was pretty good.  Could of used more cheese.   I wasn't in the mood for the heavy crusted deep dish pizza. This is my first time at this location but have been to several of the other locations in the US.  It was just like the others.  The Caesar salad with anchovies was very good.  The service was very poor.  My waitress spent a lot of time chit-chatting with the hostess.  It was a chore to get water refills from her.    They have big screen televisions in the bar area which can be seen from the restaurant.
I ate here at around 8:00 on a Saturday night.  Reading the other reviews, it makes me wonder if people were a the same restaurant I was.  Sure, it isn't a world class dining establishment, but it is decent considering it is a chain.  You should know that going into any chain, really.  It was basically exactly what I expected in terms of food quality and price.  We were greeted immediately upon entering, and while the hostess went to grab menus, another server asked us if we were taken care of.  Service at our table was very attentive and water and other beverages were promptly refilled.  I ordered soup and two appetizers instead of an entree or pizza and the server made sure to ask me about the order in which I would prefer receiving my food.    My fiance ordered a deep dish pizza and we know they take longer to make than other food items.  It was quicker than we thought it would be and he really enjoyed it.  I had the potato skin appetizer.  It reminds me of a "baked potato pizza" that I used to enjoy at a local place back in Buffalo.  It was delicious, especially with the addition of a little bit of hot sauce.  Overall, it doesn't even come close to visiting an Uno's in Chicago, but then again, when does a copy every live up to the original?  It won't be a regular location in our  dining rotation, but it is good to know that when we have a craving for deep dish, Uno will do the trick and cost a lot less than a trip to Chicago.
Well this visit started off good. I was seated right away, no wait. Was given a good beer selection of some PA Craft beers. Ordered the traditional deep dish pizza, but with no onions. Now after we ordered, it just went downhill from there. Was never asked if I wanted another beer, the waitress just gave me more water. My pizza still had onions in it. Which I stated right off the bat, that I didn't blame the girl who took my order. I know cooks can't read. I was one for many years. Mistakes happen, and the manger took care of it and took the item off my bill. NO complaints, still ate the food and it was good. Just not a fan of onions on my pizza.   Now onto the bill, the server continues to tell me that she was sorry for the mistake and declares she told the cooks not to add onions. I already said it was taking care of and there's no worries. She goes on to say that the next day was her birthday, and if I felt like leaving all my money as a tip, it wouldn't go unnoticed. I took this as a joke as I had told her earlier I worked in the industry. When I hand over the gift card I had on hand, she comes back and again repeats herself, tells me that cash as a tip is preferred as she doesn't have to claim it at the end of the night. And again if I felt like leaving her all my money, she would just be so freaking happy. Let me explain one thing and hopefully I am very clear on it. No server, and I mean NO server anywhere, should ever ask a guest or customer for a tip, yet alone, do it twice! So out of kindness, which I shouldn't have left anything by this point. I left a nice tip for the cost of what food I did  have to pay for.  Bottom line, the food was good for the price, but the service from this one person as I don't know how the rest of the servers are. Was just horrible.
I think the location in homestead has ruined this place. Dirty dirty dirty.  Bathrooms unkept, entry door handle and windows filthy  Pizza had too much sauce on it and was drenched. Server was coarse, not refined  Serving items were old and rusty. Temperature of food was not hot  Low quality, but probably ok with pittsburgher s
Pizza is a staple for me. I love everything about crunch crust, a nice rich tomato sauce, and a thick layer of melted cheese. I have never tried Chicago style pizza before and when we had to rescue our friends from car troubles, Uno's was right there so we decided to try it out.   Only a 30 minute wait for a Saturday is pretty good for any restaurant in the Waterfront. We were seated at a booth in the bar area. The tables were clean and it was a big booth so the four of us were not squished. Only complaint, the bar was loud and when they did blended drinks you had to pause your conversation because the blenders were so loud. Good news, only happened twice!  The four of us decided to order two pizzas, the Pepperoni and the Farmers Market. I also ordered a Caesar salad because I needed more vegetables in my life.    The salad. It was a big salad that I shared with my boyfriend. The croutons were huge and very crunchy. The Caesar dressing was not creamy, it was vinegar based and had a little bit of a "bite" to it as Chris kept on saying. I thought the bite had more to do with the vinegar than anything spicy, but who am I to say.  The lettuce was fresh and crunchy and they even added tomatoes like I requested.   The main dishes came out about 10 minutes later. I do not know what I was expecting but the pizzas were not as large as I was imagining. Two of the larger pizzas looked like personal pizzas to me. But!!!! I was soon to see that even if they are a bit smaller they were filled to perfection.   The Farmers Market pizza had caramelized onions, spinach, SUN DRIED AMAZING TOMATOES, regular tomatoes, eggplant, pesto as a sauce, and a blend of cheeses. The crust was perfection being so crisp and light that I stole Chris' extra from his plate. The sun dried tomatoes were great adding just enough sweetness to the pizza that I went looking for the slices with the most on them. It was a really really good pizza. We even ended up taking slices home with us! My eyes deceived me at first with the size!   Then our friends told us that we had to try the cookie pizza. Cookie pizza? What sorcery is this? Matt, the one who suggested it said that we would not be disappointed. This cookie came out in a really large, bigger than our pizzas, dish. It had three scoops of icecream on it with a pile of whipped cream. WARM, right out of the oven, fresh cookie pizza. Oh sweet heavens, it was good. I am glad that I had enough room in my stomach to pile in that sweet goodness.   Chicago Pizza, I would absolutly try again.
Last week was my first visit to this place. The raspberry tea was amazing. We got the app sampler,  it was very good except for the homemade guacamole. I ordered a side salad, hardly any dressing on it, and not very fresh. I ordered the stuffed chicken with broccoli & grilled vegetables.  Waited along time for the entrée.  The chicken was good but a small portion.  The broccoli & veggies were water logged. Lots of water on the plate. Tried my friends fried shrimp, it was good with good flavor. Might have just been who was in the kitchen that night so I would give it another shot.
I am glad that Western Pennsylvania has one remaining outlet for the great Chicago-style deep dish pizza offered by Uno, its pioneer.  Dining here brought back memories of an excellent meal I enjoyed in Chicago last month at Uno subsidiary, Pizzeria Due.  The restaurant is attractive and comfortable, and the outdoor seating by the river a delight.  The tables outside, though, are too close and if all are occupied, one can hear every word of what is said at neighboring tables.  The spinach and chicken pizza, appetizers of zucchini chips and spinach and artichoke dip were all delicious, but the zucchini was extremely salty.  Our server was pleasant and attentive, performing many quality checks.  $20.99 is a lot to pay for a pizza, but the deep dish pies are hearty and plenty for two people. $7.75 for a small glass of house wine is excessive.  The $4.99 tariff for the single serving appetizers was fair for the quality and the portion sizes.  The weak link was the young lady who seated us.  She was glum, unfriendly, and without a smile.  Instead of saying "Enjoy your meal" when seating customers, she says, "There you are."  How a customer is greeted can set the tone for a meal and this is an important facet of the front of the house operation. At The Cheesecake Factory, the host staff is trained to engage the customer in pleasant conversation while leading the guest to the table. The individual at Uno got us off to a poor start.  A nice touch would be for a manager to provide a quality check and make the diner feel welcome.
This was my first time at an uno's in about ten years. My kids ordered pizza which was just ok.  I however was pleasently surprised with what I ordered, the bbq firehouse chicken sandwich was absolutely awsome.  Two big thumbs up for the sandwich.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive.
Stopped in for lunch on a Sunday , small crowed for 12:30 on a football day , our server was very friendly , took 5 try's before I found a beer that they had in stock but we made it , I'm crazy when it comes to craft beers and trying the selection you have but keep them in stock it's not that hard anymore , had the 2 for $12.99 , I had the Chicago classic and Italian salad both out standing salad was very large and pizza was just the right size for a lunch , all in all great place for lunch just buy some beer
Met my family here after work on a weekday. Not many people dining here at the time but our dinners seemed to take longer then they should have considering not very busy. As we were waiting on our pizza the waitress handed us a trivia game console to use. We played 2 games of trivia and the game of life. The pizza came and the crust was very dry and not much flavor to it. When we were presented with our check we noticed a charge of $1.99 that we didn't know what it was for.  When we asked what the charge was for they charged us for the games that we played on the console that they gave us while waiting for our dinner. I have never heard of anything like it. I wonder how many people used the games and were charged the fee and paid it without noticing it on the bill considering it was hidden discreetly in the middle of the bill. Then when we were ready to pay the bill with cash. We couldn't get our server to come and take payment. Was very disappointed. It will probably be awhile before I go back if ever.
I used to come here a lot about 4-5 years ago. But then I stopped for one reason or another.  I came back again tonight after the long hiatus, and I was disappointed. The deep dish personal pepperoni pizza wasn't very good -- the sauce tasted bland, the crust tasted oily and a bit overcooked or stale, and there wasn't much flavor to the cheese. I haven't been feeling well and thought it might just be me, but my husband tried it and said the same thing. He also said his chicken parmesan sauce tasted bland.  I feel bad -- it was a little like looking at an old Taylor Swift album you used to love five years ago, except now you realize the songs were sappy and she looked completely different. I used to love Uno, but it's not at all what I remembered it to be.
I've come here on many occasions, my food is usually great! It can be greasy but usually still very tasty. I was very disappointed today however. We got the Shroom pizza. They didn't even use fresh mushrooms, obviously canned....c'mon Unos, GET IT TOGETHER!
Food was delicious--try the pizza and steak and mini desserts! Fries were extremely salty. Stars off because tables were dirty, wait was long to receive food and waters were not refilled. 3.5 stars because they comped our desserts due to wait.
We went with a coupon around 4pm on a Sunday so it was rather empty. It's a family-friendly restaurant but don't go for the food; go for the atmosphere or the evening deals.  My BF ordered the whole hog burger which was PACKED with toppings (and it's price reflected that). It was greasy. Unremarkable. He ate only half which is rare for him. It did come with sweet potato fries and delicious onion rings.  I ordered the nine grain Farmers Market individual deep dish pizza. It was dry which detracted significantly from a good flavor. I've been to the other UNO pizzeria in the area and I loved my pizza but I had a normal crust so maybe that was a factor.   Overall, service was good. Food okay.
Love the stores selection but HATE how the girls chase you around to tell you their sales. If I wanted to know I'd ask !!!
Wasn't terrible, But certainly wasn't great. Save your hard-earned cash.
Went there for lunch and had a decent meal.  While the Mongolian Beef was beyond excellent, the Moo Goo Gai Pan was average (although I did enjoy the shrimp in it).  Service was fine and decor is pleasant.  For some reason I'm just not in the mood to write a detailed review - please accept my apologies.
I've had PF Changs both in Pgh and KC and honestly, I'm never been disappointed nor elated with the food. It's 'upscale' Ameri-Chinese food. You don't come here seeking 'authentic' Asian staples; it's all changed to some degree to suit American taste buds... nothing wrong with that, imo. Do I even know what 'authentic' Chinese food is? Yes, sortuv, somewhat. Will I stop putting quotes around 'everything'? Definitely not!  It was 45 min from closing time when we (party of 6) rushed in on a weeknight; got seated, ordered and ate without feeling rushed by the staff.  This particular PF Changs, on the Homestead Waterfront, had fast and friendly service, though he forgot our order of asparagus. We sampled everything from the the Szechuan shrimp to the Mongolian beef to the Dan Dan Noodles. Good flavors, nothing that stepped out in the crowd.  I don't come here all that often but when I do, I invariably leave feeling satisfied and full.
LOVE the food!!!!!! Try the bomb pop martini. The service has definitely Gone down hill in the past year. And when I've  told the manger he just doesn't give a shit.  It's either hit Or miss with service. But food is ALWAYS GOOD
First time eating at PF Chang- thought the food was fine but I'd rather go to an authentic Chinese restaurant any day. It felt like a Chinese version of the Cheesecake factory.    Anyway, it was a Saturday, late afternoon, and despite lots of empty tables we had to wait 20 minutes to be seated and after that waited 30 min  for our food.  I don't know if they were just short staffed the day we went but I wasn't impressed with the service.  Some nice items on the menu include the lettuce wraps and the salt and pepper calamari, which comes with a separate dish of salt and pepper for dipping. The sesame chicken was also very good.  Other things were fine, just not memorable.    I think this is an OK place to eat if you happen to be shopping at the Waterfront and don't mind spending a little time over lunch or dinner. If you want to get in and out in a hurry, don't come here.
I was unimpressed with my food and I am even more sad to see, now that P.F Chang's mass produces frozen dinners.  This is about as far away from Chinese food you can get, unless of course you are eating microwaved warmed shrimp fried rice. The restaurant is cluttered and the music was up so loud.  I had to yell to carry on a conversation. P.F Chang's in the Waterfront is a unmemorable experience. Maybe I would have better luck microwaving my own meal at home?
I have mixed feelings about this place. I wish I could give 2.5 stars, but I'm in a good mood so I'm rounding up today.   This was my first time here and I honestly wasn't sure what to expect. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the layout of the dining area. It seemed less intimate than I had pictured in my mind. The tables were all jammed together and the restaurant had a crowded feel to it. Fortunately, there wasn't a long wait as we had made a reservation.   We were seated at a table in the middle of the dining room alongside a busy throughway. It seemed all the servers were destined to walk past our table. I appreciated that their menu pointed out that their meals were "meant to be shared." My wife and I decided to share our two meals: Chang's Spicy Chicken and Double Pan Fried Noodles. Before our meal came out our waitress set some sauces on the table in a "here's your sauce" kind of way. I remember thinking, "That's very nice, but I have no idea why you just gave us sauce." There was no explanation - just a little tray of sauces. Our food came out and she finally asked if we like mild, medium, or hot sauce. We picked medium and, with a few scoops, she turned our three sauces into three mixed sauces and I still didn't know what they were for.   Forget the sauce though, my attention was now drawn to our meal. For meals that were "meant to be shared" these sure are little portions. I guess when you go for that high-end presentation you can charge 50% more for 50% less. The food itself was good (in an ok sort of way). I can't say it was the best I've had, but it was good enough.   Overall I thought the experience was lacking. P.F. Chang's tries to be classy, but does it in a cafeteria sort of way. I was constantly distracted by the front doors opening and icy air pouring across the room. The music didn't fit the ambiance. Our table felt like it was in the middle of the road. The restaurant was loud and crowded. The girls at the table next to us were taking those annoying duck-face puckered lip pictures...    I think our experience may have been different if we were seated at one of the booths along the side of the restaurant, but no such luck.
Surprised how empty the restaurant was tonight.   First time at this location.  Great service, but wasn't hard to do.....  Had a combination Orange Shrimp and Chicken and Chicken Fried Rice.  It was typical PF Changs (Very good).  You can get the Fried Rice off the kids menu for $2.95 versus $8 for a big bowl off the regular menu.
Me and wife really enjoy eating at this place. It's modern, tasty, and comfy. The only real complaint i have about this place is that the hostess or host whichever is working at the time seems like there doing you a favor by letting you eat at this establishment. The hot and sour soup is the best i have had in Pittsburgh, really good and filling!
Came out here with my parents to have dinner.  I have to say that our meal was all around worth a 4 star rating, but the lousy attitude of the hostess and the man behind the desk who seemed to be in charge quickly lowered that rating.    Our food was pretty good.  The lettuce wraps are usually my favorite part, and this time it was no different.  My mom's fried fish peices and veggies was also delicious.  However, my $19 Mahi Mahi was pretty much like eating air... there was seriously no taste at all, and it was tiny!  I found myself adding all the extra sauces on the table just to try to give it some dang flavoring.  If I was you, I would order lettuce wraps for an app and lettuce wraps for your meal.  If you have room, lettuce wraps for dessert, too.  Oh yeah, and to drink, lettuce wraps.
I've heard it's very much a chain and that it's not at all authentic Chinese food, however despite all that I have to admit the food was good and the service was excellent.  There is quite a disconnect with the loud Rock music played in the dining room and the serene Chinese decor, but I figure it works for somebody!  I ordered the Ginger Chicken with Broccoli and the meal was quite tasty.  The prices are quite reasonable.  Just as long as you are not looking for authentic Chinese dishes, this restaurant will definitely serve in a pinch.
Still good food but I find that more times than not when we go we have to ask for clean dishes or silverware. I have found this whether we are at the Waterfront location or the Robinson location. Maybe they need a new contract with a new appliance company.
My wife and I came here a few years ago and you couldn't get in the door because of the line. This was the hottest new place on the restaurant scene and everyone wanted to try it. Fast forward to present day and you'd never believe that was ever the case. Chang's is poorly set up as one large open room that's rather noisy. Food came out quickly but was not as good as the Chinese take out we get from sesame inn. Spicy chicken was neither spicy nor very flavorful and had a mass-produced feel to it. Took half home to eat the next day but ended up throwing it out a few days later. Normally one of the great thing about getting Chinese is looking forward to the leftovers the next day!   Another minus was noticing how dirty the floor was on the way back to the bathroom. I don't expect a place to be immaculate in the middle of dinner service but this looked like the mcdonalds on Smithfield downtown. The one bright spot was our waitress was very good and kept our water glasses filled. We just came from kennywood so we went through quite a few fill ups during our time there. Short of this, I'd probably give Changs two stars. Probably last time I'll stop in here unless I can't get in to any restaurants in the area and need a place I know won't be too busy.
First of all, I LOVE pfchangs, but I  recently visited here and had really bad experience. The waitress hardly paid any attention to us. The hostess had to like help her. I even wanted to order a to-go...but I couldn't find her, so I just went up to the bar and ordered it.  I'm a server myself, so maybe I had high expectations. ..but I still tipped her like 12 on 30. I still love it though.  I'm not gonna be an asshole and say "I'm never coming back" bc I know i will, lol.
My wife and I ate here on a Saturday night.  The place was packed and we waited for an hour for a table.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The food was above average oriental cuisine.  We enjoyed egg rolls (best part of the meal), orange peel beef, and sweet and sour chicken.  Good meal but pricey.
I normally love this chain restaurant, but this wasn't a good experience.  We arrived on a Saturday afternoon and there were plenty of empty tables.   Our server was very perky and took our drink orders.     One of the reasons we picked here is because they have a nice gluten free menu.  We ordered appetizers, soup and entrees.  Our soup arrived first which just irks me.   Appetizers first please!!!!!!     The wonton soup was good, a bit different than most since it contained several shrimp and water chestnuts. We then waited a long time for our dumplings.  They were presented by a kitchen staff and looked beautiful but they didn't bring plates and he dashed away before we could stop him.  Although our server had stopped by too many times before this, she was now nowhere in sight.  We just ate them off the serving plate. Good, not great.  Not really hot, especially after waiting all that time.  The server did come by at some point to apologize for the delay and explained that's why she brought soup first.  The manager and the server continued to keep dropping by to the point of annoyance.   We waited forever for our food which was crazy since there were few patrons.    Our entrees came, again with no plates. We caught him this time and he slowly brought back 3 plates.   The bottom one was dirty and nobody in sight again. I got up and went to a serving station where a different server was standing and asked for a clean plate. He reached under the counter, pulled out a plate and then picked a white cloth up off the counter, wiped the plate and gave it to me.  I stated I didn't want a plate he had just wiped with a cloth laying on the counter and he stated it was how they cleaned their plates.   WHAT????????  I went back to the table and used a small bread plate for my meal.  I was truly disgusted.  The server stopped by and my husband started to tell her our situation but I stopped him since we had spent soooooooo much time talking with this server that I didn't want to prolong this anymore.    As far as food goes, the gluten free Mongolian beef was good.  The lemon chicken was tough and too thick.  The fried rice had no eggs and wasn't hot.  Overall, not a great experience.
Decent/friendly service.  Slow kitchen (on a slow night with less than 1/4 filled).  Uneven food preparation.  While the food could be very good, the place has very uneven quality in every aspect of the restaurant.  We had a large dinner (over 5 people and over $250 in total bill), and here's our impression.  1) Food - Appetizers were very good, Chicken Lettuce Wrap, great as usual.  Lobster/Shrimp Taco excellent.  Sushi was lackluster across the board, almost not worth ordering - you might get better ones off a buffet assembly line.  The soups were uneven - Wonton soup excellent.  Hot n Sour soup is dense and salty, and again, worse than a standard $5 Chinese restaurant buffet line.  Main Entree is uneven as well - not particularly flavorful.  The new entrees are hit and miss.  Lamb is good and tender, though tasted nothing like lamb (just beef-flavor, the sauce is very heavy).  But the Chilean Sea Bass (Hong Kong style), one of the most expensive item on the menu, is severely undercooked - we should have sent it back but did not (our fault).  This is how under-cooked it is - we tried to cut it with a knife, and cannot because the middle was NOT cooked.  And Sea Bass is so flaky and it's supposed to fall apart at the touch of a fork.  2) Service - Server is friendly, and accommodating to different requests.  Fresh plates are brought during change of courses.  On the other hand, the restaurant, though encouraging "family style" serving, does not quite know how to serve food in family style.  There are extended wait time between appetizer, to soup, to sushi, to entrees.  Family style would require items to be brought up as each is ready, rather than having guests wait for extended time and then have everything arrive at the same time.  For a place that was less than 1/4 seated, there was far too much wait time (20 min) between appetizer and just soup, and again extended wait between sushi and hot entrees.  By the time the main courses arrived, it was almost anti-climatic and people were pretty much full/tired.  It was not clear whose job it was to clear off the "empty" plates when food is eaten, a number of times it was piled up on the corners of a small table - again, at far cheaper buffet lines, these plates would have been cleared much, much sooner.  Over the last decade, our P.F. Chang experience have gone from excitement to just a periodic visit with out-of-town guests - and the uneven food and service experience is not likely to encourage many re-visits.
P.F. Chang's China Bistro is a chain that is located across the states. This particular restaurant was the first that opened in Pittsburgh. It is good to come for lunch since they offer a shared 4 course special for a party of two for around $42.00.  You start off with a cup of soup, It is usually egg drop but they did let us substitute won ton for no additional cost. You then get a choice of an appetizer. We chose two egg rolls which we could split. You get the entree of choice. I had sesame chicken and my girlfriend had crispy honey chicken that was lightly battered and came with rice sticks.  I enjoyed the soup, egg rolls and my sesame chicken. It came with peppers and broccoli. It was very good. You can only order white or brown rice with this special. I would imagine fried rice comes for a slight uncharge. My friend liked her chicken but said that the rice sticks had no flavor to them.   The last course was a dessert that was fried banana with a scoop of ice cream and some fruit.It came with two forks so it was a bit difficult to split in half but we managed. We liked the banana but weren't too fond of the ice cream. All in all it was a good deal for lunch. They do offer lunch specials during the week for smaller portions as well as cheaper prices.   They have a full bar with TVs blaring. Located near Barnes and Noble at the Waterfront it wasn't too crowded so we were able unwind and enjoy a nice lunch at a decent price.
Since I have foot problems and am limited as to the type of shoes I can wear I generally come here. Normally both of your feet are measured for accuracy.  Most styles come in European sizes so I am familiar with the size I normally wear.  They also sell orthotics which you can put in sneakers or special orthodics for dress shoes. If you have a foot problem they will give give you 10% off your purchase of the orthotic once your mention your doctor's name.  I normally come here for sneakers, sandals and on rare occasion a dress shoe. They offer a reward program for the amount of your purchase once you reach a certain threshhold.  I have never had a problem with any of my orthotics and give them a high recommendation. They do offer trunk shows which was the reason for my recent visit since I needed a pair of summer sandals and a waterproof sneaker for an upcoming trip. Normally they sell New Balance for sneakers and their prices are relatively comparable to that which you would find in other shoe stores.  However, the do carry some better lines so expect to pay a little more if you want the quality of a name brand shoe. You are permitted to purchase the items and try it around the house to see if you are comfortable with it. If unhappy then you have two weeks to return it at which point it becomes a final sale.  Time will normally tell if I had made the right purchase or not. I bought a pair of waterproof sneakers and an Allegra sandal which is versatile. They were kind enough to stretch the sneaker to make sure it wasn't bothering my bunion.  Located at the Waterfront parking can be a bit difficult but there is usually ample parking in the back of the complex.
I typically always rent from Enterprise. The staff is courteous and helpful. The only complaint I have this time is the rental car itself. It was very nice on the outside, but very clear, someone had trashed the inside. The driver's side carpet had big holes in it, the upholstery was cloth and leather, and terribly stained all over. The car needed new windshield wipers, as I found out during a torrential rainstorm in TN, and the tire pressure gauge light was on for the whole trip home. Now if Enterprise would sell this car to me for a great price, I would buy it!!  However, I hope that whoever trashed the inside was held responsible. I would have been embarrassed had family members or friends ridden in it with me. I covered the back seat with a blanket, and my dog didn't mind at all! lol  I will still continue to rent from Enterprise.
Had lunch here after getting my nails done in the Waterfront.  It's your standard Panera - lots of seating and a sunny room from all the windows.  Our food was made very quickly, even though the place was pretty busy (lunch on a Saturday).  Chicken noodle soup is tasty, but there was too much broth and not enough noodles and chicken.  I tried their Sierra Chicken sandwich for the first time, and it was pretty good.  It's very flavorful, I like whatever they put in their chipotle mayo.  It was a salty meal though - definitely had me running to the fountain machine to get more water.  If I have to get a quick, light meal and only chain options are available, Panera is my best choice.  It's definitely predictable and usually tasty.  But there isn't much special about it, of course.
It seems silly to rate a chain so I won't talk about the food.   I just love coming to this Panera because it's right by Barnes and Noble.  I recently started getting into the Panera card. Compared to the other Paneras I have to say that this one seems cleaner, bigger, and all around nicer.  Of course I would never go out of my way to get here but if you're at Barnes and Noble and aren't happy with the sandwiches there (which I was) I would venture on over to Panera.
In general, I like Panera so rather than reviewing Panerai overall, I'm going to compare this Panera store to other Panera stores that I've been to.  I've been here a couple times and so far, no major complaints in terms of food and service. The people are generally friendly (honestly, they are probably the friendliest Panera staff I've seen in all of the Panera stores I've been to in Pittsburgh, although I haven't been to them all). Once, I came in after breakfast time and asked for a quiche and they gave it to me without any problems. I haven't had to wait super long, even if there are a lot of people.   However, my biggest problem with this Panera store is that there are hardly any outlets and seating is rather a pain. I like to go to Panera to eat and do work at the same time but it's rather hard when there aren't many seats and very few outlets.  Food: 4 stars - just your average Panera food Service: 5 stars - as mentioned, pretty good experience Seating: 1 star - don't come here to work or come with a huge party Overall: 3 stars
Sometimes I use Panera as a lunch place and sometimes I use it as an office. Either way I tend to spend a lot of time at Panera. If I am meeting someone I prefer to sit in a booth for more privacy. I like the homey feel of Panera and love it when I get to sit by the fireplace.  The bakery items are always fresh. It's nice that they keep the chocolate chip cookies warm. Yum! The food is unpredictable. Sometimes it's good and sometimes it's not so good. The serving sizes on their soups and salads have shrunk considerably in the last year. They do have a good selection of food. They keep adding healthier options. Their recent addition is Soba Noodle Bowls. They look good but I sense a lot of sodium hides in them.  If you need a place to meet someone to chat or get some work done it is a good place. Food wise there are many other choices to consider around the city for better food at the same prices.
This Panera Bread location is ideally located in the Waterfront shopping center in the midst of several shops and a large parking lot. The space itself is much larger than many other locations I have been to and has ample seating, which is always a good thing. Unfortunately, the service is slow and unfriendly (there was no line and it took a few moments for someone to notice there were customers trying to order). I was surprised that I was automatically given a baguette with my meal rather than being offered a choice between the bread, an apple or a bag of chips. Perhaps it is this location, or maybe it was just a one-off oversight. As I mentioned, there is plenty of seating, but our options were limited because all of the tables were disgusting with trash on them and in desperate need of a wipe-down. If it were over lunch or a rush, I would be more sympathetic, but there were only a handful of patrons in the entire establishment. I was also upset that the WiFi was not functioning. Despite my nitpicking, the food was fine and it is a standard Panera, just not a stellar location.
It has been several months since I visited Panera Bread. It is a bakery cafe chain with free WiFi. Prices are reality the same although from time to time they change their seasonal offerings.  Food is fair. You order and you are given a buzzer to let you know when your food is ready. They use real dishes and silverware. The menu gives you a calorie count of each item you are purchasing.  One of the popular feature items is you pick two where you can have half a sandwich or salad or soup in a pair of two of those items. You also get with it a choice of an apple or roll and you can add a dessert for $1.00  I was disappointed to learn they had removed the French onion soup from the menu. I asked about this removal only to learn there was something wrong with one of the ingredients. The other disappointment was that this year they are not making gingerbread men which are one of my favorite holiday treats. Instead they are offering a holiday themed sugar cookie.  I normally eat here when I'm in a hurry and don't have time to sit down at a regular restaurant. They do use fresh breads and they do cater. You can also order your holiday baked goods or breads for your parties.
The quality....and everything varies here. Can't guarantee clean floors. Sandwiches are different every time I get one.  Service is mostly positive. Also, there's a big hump in the floor - see if you can find it!
I mean, it's Target. It has everything. You just need to know what to buy there, and not get sucked into the convenience of buying everything in one spot.  Beware -- though their merchandise looks nice, and it's a good buy for a student, you don't want to make long-term purchases here. The zipper on a skirt I bought broke the first time I wore it. I've heard horror stories about disintegrating comforters during their first wash.  That said, their store-brand toiletries and other sundry items are fairly cheap, and they have a wider selection than Giant Eagle or CVS. They also have a cool program with Flickr.com -- you can upload your photos, order them online from Target's One-Hour Photo kiosk, and pay by credit card when you pick them up.  I love their cheap accessories -- glasses, bags, jewelry. Along with Claire's and Filene's, Target is my favorite place to shop for those things.
It's not the greatest Target of all time but it still meets all of your basic needs.  If you're looking for produce, lower prices, and bigger selection in every department then head to the Target in East Liberty.
It always feels like everyone who shops at this target is moving in slow motion. Just sayin'.  Otherwise, it's pretty much so like any other Target. The lines were crazy long today and I was only buying one thing. I was relieved when they sent a few more cashiers in and opened up some more lines. It definitely expedited what was looking to be a very long wait.
Target.  I like Target more than I like Walmart. Walmart is bad.  I like Target enough to return. I like it enough to pass by any Walmart that my throw itself in my path. Does that mean I love Target? No, it is just OK.
I can live at Target sometimes. I find myself coming back over and over to look at house and kitchen stuff I absolutely don't need. Maybe I need new pillows or thank you notes? No? I still need to come look at them because it's Target. Addicting.  This one is closer to my house and it's a relatively nice size. I wouldn't rave about customer service because it's very, very basic or sometimes doesn't exist. On my last visit I had a young lady ringing me up and talking to her friend on the side at the same time. She couldn't scan some soap so she asked me what the price was and I couldn't remember (but I knew it was on sale for two-something dollars). Instead of checking it out, I watched her enter $3.99 as she continued to speak with her friend. I found some other mistakes as well. When I'm out on the floor browsing, I rarely ever get anyone asking if I need any help (if any associates happen to be nearby). 99% of the time I don't actually need help, but it's the thought that counts I guess.  I don't usually grocery shop at Target, but if I do need something then this one is fine for me. It's a good location, parking is easy, carts are always available (with wipes to sanitize!), there's a starbucks in there (umm hello addiction #1), and you can find some good deals. I like how they have easy to find/browse clearance sections at the end of aisles. If you have their target card then some of the sales give you gift cards for a purchase and you get 5% off all your purchases with that card. I still love you Target. Always.
The Waterfront as a whole is a pretty busy shopping area and this particular Target is no different.  With a bunch of big box stores and restaurants at this side of the mall it can get pretty busy here.    This Target however to me seems like one of the more disorganized ones compared to the many others I've been to.  Clothing displays are very mixed up that is many things are on racks mixed up with other things.  I found a wall hanging I liked but it was hard to go through them where the diagonal racks storing them were.  Some of the toys seem to be like that too.  It's not as easy to find things here as other places.  Things are or end up being where they just don't seem to belong for one reason or another.  The one saving grace of most of the Target stores including this one is the check out lines are very fast and efficient.  That and the aisles are large enough to negotiate around because they seem wide enough that you don't feel so tight like at Walmart.
I find this target to be average.. although im here quite a bit. I guess im just used to where everything is at the east liberty location.. i always feel so lost here. It's decent though. the checkout lines move quickly
I got a cheese pizza delivery from here once, and I feel like...it's one of those places where it's okay and if that's what someone put in front of me I would eat it, but I definitely wouldn't go, "OMG, let's eat there!"  It was just boring to me. (And I love cheese pizza!)  But some of my coworkers like to eat here on occasion, so maybe some of their other stuff is better. I wouldn't know.
The pizza is definitely good. The wings aren't crisp and they don't provide a dipping sauce for the wings.
This Bed Bath & Beyond seems like your average store location. I don't have anything too bad or too exciting to say about this location... descent products and descent service. I would just recommend taking all of your Bed Bath & Beyond coupons with you when shopping because staff will help you combine them as best as possible.
This is my go to for towels and bathroom accessories.  They also have very affordable bedspreads and down pillows.  It is a nice place to shop with helpful employees. I hate searching for and saving coupons and receipts and would prefer that retail establishments just keep their prices low.  The cost in time and efficiency in managing coupons, both for the stores and the consumers could easily be eliminated and savings passed on in lower prices.
Eat 'n Park has become my standby in the area.  I truly do enjoy what I get at this little diner/fast food chain.  Ordered the following items:  Stuffed pepper soup and salad bar Chicken noodle soup Black angus BBQ burger with macaroni and cheese Hot turkey sandwich Pepsi  I love the fact that I can serve my own soup and create my own salad at the bar.  I really love the fact that the salad bar has such good ingredients that are atypical for most places.  I would stay away from the pepper soup, it was not very good.  The hamburger is nothing special, but it tastes good, is not overcooked and has a good barbeque sauce with onions that are actually cooked.  The macaroni and cheese is better from Stouffers out of the freezer.  I abstained from the turkey and just relished in my burger and salad (spinach greens, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, sunflower seeds, and balsamic vinaigrette).    I will continue to return.
I went here around 12:30 AM on January 1, 2011, after New Years' Eve. They had a breakfast buffet laid out.  I'd barely gone to any Eat 'n Parks this past year because my local one (in Edgewood) is horrible, so I was pleasantly surprised that there was nothing wrong here. We were seated quickly, the waiter handled the beverage orders quickly, and the buffet was fine. No problems at all, except when the place got completely packed around 1 AM and we had a bit of trouble tracking down the waiter to get our check... That wasn't a big deal, though.  I can't justify giving more than 3 stars due to the fact that Eat 'n Park isn't exactly fine dining, but we got filling food for minimal hassle, so it was a good experience overall.
If you must eat at Eat N Park, this is the one you want to go to. Why you ask? The corporate offices are right next door and the suits are there every day, breakfast lunch and dinner.   When I spend a few hours with dear old mom, she enjoyed spending a day at the Waterfront, she loved the since closed 39 center store, where she could buy her monthly greeting cards for 39 cents each. Then we drive over to this eat n park where she has her breakfast smile and I enjoy an egg beater sandwich and fresh fruit.  This place is spotless, the salad bar always looks fresh and the food is good, for a chain.
They burned my fish and they burned it bad.  Ordering fish at Eat'n Park is always a gamble.  I just never know how it's going to turn out.  I'm a risk taker so I ordered two pieces of baked lemon sole.   Well it went terribly wrong.  My waiter came out and said, "They burned your fish, so I had them put two new pieces in the oven."  I was impressed by his honesty and didn't mind waiting for two new pieces.     I gladly helped myself to my boyfriend's french toast while I waited.   Then out of no where another server comes to the table with the burnt fish and sets it down infront of me. With the burnt side down of course.  That just shows the kitchen is not in total coordination.    Like I said getting fish from Eatn' Park is a toss up. In the end I got two nicely baked pieces of sole to replace the burnt ones, so I left satisfied.
I thought this is a nice place to eat if you have a family. Lot of options, food was pretty good and cheap. Was satisfied with my meal, had fish with veggies(Years ago) and did tell others that this was a nice option.  Its not super gourmet, but it is a place you can grab a nice meal at a good price.
They make a nice breakfast for less than the tip form dinner the night before.  That's not bad!
Food is decent. Service is always hit or miss. Great for a quick family breakfast. Buffett for kids is free with an adult. Boom.
I was in a jam and was meeting relatives for an impromptu breakfast.  This was not fast and easy HOWEVER- they did a great job making a slow experience by giving us free cookies and very nice service. My egg whites spinach omelette was excellent.
Eat n Park is the place for smiles, but mine is kind of that emoji that has a squiggly line.  Thins I like about EnP: 1. You always know what you're getting. Standard across the board.  2.Pies great. Baked goods great.  3. Soup good.  4. Who doesn't love a Smiley cookie?  5. They are a charitable group and I think that's awesome.   Things that make me squiggly smile. I ordered the basic breakfast smile the other day. I asked to hold the toast and potatoes and swap a fruit cup. Get the less-than-half-cup of fruit and it's sub par. Yes, winter, but isn't their ideal to use what is in season? I can still find some sort of fruit in grocery store that's decent and you're a major chain! Find a supplier. What really was disappointing was that my server up-charged me 1.99 for less-than-half-cup. Now I have worked in the past for many years. Yes, some swaps do require an additional charge, but really? I just gave you back potatoes and toast for clear fruit. She did take it off, but I'm sure she was doing what is practice. So if I would have paid for that it would have been over 10 bucks for two eggs, two pieces of bacon (which is a buck a piece on up charge on friend's sandwich) and coffee and basically three bites of fruit.   Eat n Park is the place for squiggly smiles.
Perhaps the crowd here is less harsh, because I feel like the location in Squirrel Hill has been consistently better despite having a slightly lower rating. I've only been here three times - twice on a Wednesday night around 5 and once on a Saturday at around noon. From looking at the other pictures, the food doesn't seem so bad, so I might have just been unlucky on the Wednesday evenings, because both times I've ordered, the food was completely unsatisfactory.  The first time, the sesame pork chop was tiny - definitely not worth nearly 10 dollars (I take SOME presentation into account as well, and the food just looked thrown together on the plate). But I had the great salad bar to make up for it, and managed to cram 6 plates of salad because I'm a college student trying to maximize my nutrient to price ratio. And on the plus side, the waiter, Kevin, was very friendly, and even comped my HUGE piece of pumpkin creme pie for no particular reason. I didn't mention anything about the pork chop because I was very satisfied with the salad bar, anyway.  The second time, I ordered the chicken broccoli alfredo, and it was absolutely disgusting. I could see oil droplets on the entire dish (and I understand that alfredo is a creamy, oily dish, but this was ridiculous), the chicken was slightly burnt, and there were THREE pieces of broccoli. In a dish called "chicken and broccoli alfredo!" Honestly, I've never sent back food because who knows how chefs would respond, but oh well. On the plus side, the waitress (Aly or Ally I think) was absolutely lovely. A lot of energy, smiles, and attentiveness, so of course, I tipped well.  The place was packed on Saturday at noon, but other than that I had no issues. I'm not sure who cuts the pies though (whether they're already sliced or the waiter/waitress does it quickly), because the carrot cake I had was considerably tinier than the pumpkin creme pie! Perhaps they'd anticipated not having enough?
Decent. The food isn't anything to write home about about. Would go here if someone wanted to go, but it wouldn't be my idea.
We come here alot but i think thats based on location and price. Food and service are hit and miss. I love the soup and salad as does my daughter and she is free which is great. You can get the meal w the soup and salad and bring the meal home from filling up on the bar.
I love this place. You can have buffets, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Awesome place. It's clean and the customer service is excellent. I will say they get busy and the wait can be dragging process, but overall they treat you with respect. The last time I was there I ate the seafood platter. It was a little dry, but the waitress was nice enough to bring more sauce. I never complain about the food because it is alway fresh. I do suggest it and would go there again and again!
I was somewhat disappointed that I didn't find what I was looking for.  This is a fairly small Marshalls.  It didn't look like the store received the worst items around, they just don't appear to have a lot of diversity like many of the other Marshalls that I patronize.  Will I return?  Yeah, I will.  I had one item in mind that I was looking for and didn't look for very many other things.
If you're looking for a wallet, a new cheap purse or something of that nature--this is the place to go.  Otherwise, this kind of shopping just isn't for me! I don't have the patience for clothes shopping here though. The racks drive me nuts bc they're in no particular order.  Its "Shirts/Sizes", "Pants/Sizes", "Jeans/Sizes", "Coats/Sizes" I can't look through a gazillion racks of shirts looking for something I like (aimlessly) in a M or L... I just cant do it!  lol Wish I could, I'd probably find some deals.  PROS: Some good deals  CONS: You've gotta "dig deep" to find 'em
Went in here to grab a last minute item I needed for an outfit.  I wasn't going to hold my breath here either, I know it's a Marshalls and that doesn't always mean the best selection.  It's hit or miss no matter what you are looking for.  This day, was a hit, maybe even a home run.  I do have to admit, the Kenneth Cole shirt I got not only looked great on me, but made my wallet feel even better!
Not quite sure if I really need to review Marshalls, since I'm probably not going to say much that hasn't already been said. I noticed all other reviews are 2 or 3 stars as well. I prefer the Marshalls in Greensburg, but my husband likes to stop in here whenever we're down at the Waterfront, and heck, why not?   It's hit or miss, of course. At times I can find absolutely nothing. But not on this last trip. I scored my new favorite tank top for $2!! The H, in desperate need of new black work socks, found some for eight bucks! It was actually a 6 pack of socks, but came with an extra pair. So, 7 pairs of socks for $8....not too shabby. I also found a super cute home-made-esque wedding card for my cousin's upcoming wedding for $1.99. Any day with bargains is a good day!
Mitchell's Fish Market is a very nice place to eat...for a chain restaurant.  And actually, if it wasn't a chain, it wouldn't be too bad either.  The atmosphere was surprisingly pleasant - the room was warm and intimate, perfect for a date.  It wasn't too noisy or too crowded, and we were seated right away on a Friday around 7:30 pm.  Our server was friendly, and happy to give recommendations.  I started with a house salad, which I told the server I would split with my boyfriend.  She brought it to us on two separate plates, which I thought was a nice touch, and more than what I expected.  Poppy seed dressing was okay, it's pretty thick and creamy as I remember, but tasty.  I ordered from the special menu, since they had a bit of a lobster promotion going on.  My entree was a combo: lobster tail, and "lobster pot pie."  Now, lobster is a beautiful thing, but I have to say....it wasn't beautiful here.  It wasn't awful, but it didn't taste as fresh as I like (I'm guessing that's because the meat was frozen originally).  It's just a shame.  Dipping the lobster in butter was a pleasant experience, but it's supposed to be an ecstatic one.  The lobster pot pie was totes not what I imagined.  I pictured a flaky, golden crust, a delicious creamy lobstery gravy, and big hunks of lobster and vegetables.  Instead....I got what sort of resembled a small bread bowl made of a biscuit.  There was a lot of sauce, which was surprisingly orange in color and very rich, with some lobster chunks and vegetables that appeared to come from a bag of frozen veg (I'd recognize those tiny square-shaped carrot chunks anywhere)!  Whaaaaaaaat?  It wasn't bad or anything, but not what I imagined.  I was a little bummed out.    So everything we ate was just fine, and nice when you're craving seafood....but I think in future I'd rather just head to the Strip, get a lobster, and cook the sucker up myself.  I didn't try their fresh preparations, so I can't say how those were.  I'd say in the Waterfront though, it's probably one of your better options.  Healthier and fresher than most of the other choices.  And the atmosphere is great, including the service.
Got lunch from here today.   What I sampled:  Maine Lobster Bisque (delicious and the whole reason for getting lunch from here) Cheeseburger (decent version I only ate about half, but I expect the other half won't last long)  Overall I enjoy going here, though it is a bit overpriced, but sometimes I am just in the mood for that lobster bisque!
The food was really good, but the prices were pretty high and the portions were on the small side. The desserts were the high point of the meal for me. I got the "shark fin" pie and it was really good. The waitress thought I wouldn't be able to finish it... but I showed her. Take that, waitress.
I have passed by this place a zillion times and never given it a second look.  I thought it might be a Red Lobster knock off.  Then I asked a friend if they had ever heard of it and they had, and liked it.  I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the ambiance was inside.  Very cozy.  Much more upscale than I had thought it would be.  The service was terrific.  Lots of things to choose from on the menu.  A bit pricier than I had imagined.  Most entrees were anywhere from $17 to $30.  But this is Pittsburgh and this is seafood.  That said, they started us off with really delicious sour dough bread.  Butter was soft which I like.  Our entrees came pretty quickly.  I had a seafood assortment of blackened talapia, grilled sea scallops and salmon cooked on a plank.  The scallops were just done, I like them cooked a little more.  Everything else was pretty good. My beloved had the crab cakes and really enjoyed them.  We'll probably be back, but will order something different.   We liked it.
We had a bigger party and I think that might have flustered the waitresses just a bit. They forgot about our waters until the food came out, but were super apologetic when they did bring them. The food was ok. I ordered the crab cakes they were a bit heavy on the breading, so I would give them a rating of, "eh". My friend ordered a steak, asked for medium rare, and it came out...well done. He was too hungry to complain and just ate it. We might go back again, and this time maybe take a bit more time looking over the menu.
I have eaten some very good dinners here.  Although it's a chain, I would say it's several notches above the other chain restaurants.  The chef here seems to add some creativity to the menu, so I will be definitely back again soon.
Top points.  Service. I was there with a large group for a meeting. They gave us a private room and two servers took care of us. They were efficient and very accommodating. Kudos.   Appetizers: had the crab dip and calamari. Both were good. Servers brought extra chips with the dip as they were needed. I'm always surprised that more chips are not just added to the original dish at this point. Dip was good. Calamari was done well. Preferred the shrimp cocktail Sauce with it versus the Asian type soy sauce that is served with it.   Wedge salad with bleu cheese. Waaaaaay too much cheese and I like bleu cheese.   I had the blackened tuna with mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies. Carrots were carrot sticks hardly cooked and dry! Green beans overdone and broccoli had seen better days. Simple green beans would have been more appetizing.  Tuna had blackening spices but needed a better sear on it. Was not over cooked. Potatoes as expected.  Other dishes seen--fisherman's platter. Looked a little greasy, but that's expected from me in a full fried dish. Would be nice if this was offered broiled as well. Crab cakes and filet looked okay.   Overall I'm always underwhelmed and overcharged here. I guess with chain places you get that, but I want more from a place that charges me 25 bucks for sub-seared tuna.
We went here for Thanksgiving dinner; we had called ahead to check out vegan options, but the person on the other end was a little grumpy about the matter, but there's so little open on that day, there was little choice except to make sure I ate a big lunch earlier.  I ordered the Thai salad, which is probably the only vegan item on the menu - really just a coleslaw with a peanut sauce and some funky chips.  I also ordered some grilled vegetables.  Both were good, but not amazing.   The beer selection was really bad (I mean, dive bar stuff), however the slightly pricey wine selection redeemed the place, and we had a great red and white.    The service too was pretty good, but I simply can't recommend going here due to the poor selection of vegan items.
Not impressed at all!  The first time we ordered drinks our server forgot our drinks and the second time we had to ask if we could have more drinks. I ordered, white frutti di mare for 24.49 and I only got 2 scallops and 3 small shrimps.  Our bill was $120. 00 Way to pricey for 2 scallops and pasta.
I have mixed feelings about this place. I have eaten there twice. I have enjoyed the flavors of their Shanghai option both times. The seafood has been cooked well. The Sharkfin pie is tasty for dessert. However, both times, I had shrimp as part of my entree. Mitchells is a perfect two for two at FORGETTING TO DE-VEIN the shrimp. First time I ate there two of my shrimp were not de-veined. Second time there was one (I only had two). If you order shrimp take a good look at it. The management has been very apologetic and helpful both times. They truly cared.
Traveling with my boss, we had dinner here since it was convenient to the hotel. Food was good as usual but we ended up with a young man who had not been a waiter for very long. Brought us a bottle of Cabernet when we ordered a bottle of Chardonnay.  Told us he had never opened a bottle of wine before. Expected better service at a place like Mitchell's.
The food here is good, but also pretty pricey. You might get more mileage and value spending the same somewhere else. However, this would be nice for a business lunch. The decor and atmosphere is classy, and there is something for everyone on the menu--albeit it is all very seafood focused, of course.  I've found the wait staff to be professional and personable.  This location has outdoor seating that overlooks the river.
Mitchell's...what have you done?!  I have been to this location several times and always loved it (just never got around to writing a review).  The patio area is great when the weather is nice and I've historically loved the fish preparations.   This last trip, though, was a pretty steep slide downhill.    First, I went to the bar and ordered a glass of the house pinot grigio...a generous poor from a bottle that was definitely a couple days past its prime.   You should know better.     Then onto the table.  I'm pretty sure the hostess double sat the server who was supposed to take care of me, because she expressed her frustration right in the middle of the patio area.  I waiting a few minutes and then someone else ended up taking care of me.   The service was fine, but I was a little put off by the start.  What really got me though was the menu.  Mitchell's used to have a great menu and I've always been thrilled with my selections.  I don't know what changed, but it was something.  I ordered the crispy ginger salmon with stir fried vegetables.   The portion was ample, but the fish was sort of mushy and the crispy ginger topping wasn't crispy at all.  The veges were half overcooked and half undercooked.    If I didn't include this last visit, I'd have given it 4.5 stars.  This last visit brought it down.   Here's hoping that whatever changed, changes back.
I love eating in the beautiful river setting (though it is right by where the bloody Homestead Steel Strike took place in 1892).  I would have given this place a higher rating based on past visits.  But my most recent experience was not quite as good.  The waitress spoke too fast, and gave me misinformation about what sides came with the plank of fish.  She did offer to fix the mistake, but I let it go and traded sides with another person who was with me. I think broiled is better than the plank.  I still will eat at Mitchell's at least once each time I visit Pittsburgh.  The food is healthy, and I enjoy being there.
I want to like this place more than I do. Its definitely at least decent. It's a family style seafood restaurant that has a bit of class to it. Pretty nice visually, and service is good as well, especially at the front desk. I've taken a couple of people there for birthdays and they do a nice job with that without being obnoxious with the ceremony. If you make a birthday reservation you can actually get "Happy Birthday Bob!" or whatever printed on your menus for the evening. Nice touch.   Food is just solid, that's why I don't give them more stars. I've had a few things here and there's nothing special about their flavors, although their presentations are nice. I've been a couple of times and haven't had anything I'd be excited about. Basically a safe, family style, classier mid-scale seafood choice.
We had reservations for a group of 6, everything went along as it should have, we were seated quickly and had service quickly. Staff was friendly, and somwwhat attentive. We all ordered drinks, the 1st round came quickly the 2nd took quite awhile and that was enough for me to stop buying $10 a glass drinks. With everyone odering dinners we had quite an assortment. We all concluded that though the food was good, they were served luke warm at best. Portions we also very small. Bottom line is that it wasn't bad for an average restaurant but for what you are going to pay it is NOT worth it at all. I was so disappointed. We will never be back. The 3rd star is only for how tasty the smashed potatoes where, and that was the best highlight.
Mitchell's is one of those restaurants that I never find to be disappointing but never have a pressing need to come back. Meals are hit or miss, albeit reasonably priced. Waitstaff is typically pretty good. But they just don't have the wow factor.  It's seafood that's better than Red Lobster, but it doesn't have much character. Like most seafood establishments in Pittsburgh, they do have a good Happy Hour but I'm never in the area that time of day.  The cod with lobster Oscar topping is a prime example. The bernaise sauce is not very good, and neither is the potato hash, but he fish itself is cooked well. Decent appetizers and a good wedge salad, so at a future visit I might stick to finger food.
It's just like Old Navy anywhere - well maybe not the one in San Francisco, which is always packed - it ws pre Thanksgiving, so quiet before the storm on Black Friday.    I picked up my one and only bargain of the weekend - a $2.45 pair of flip flops (it was preparing to snow outside).
I have visited this Old Navy location four or five times over the past year and have never had an issue. In fact, a friend and I visited the store around Christmastime and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.   However, this was the not my experience yesterday. I drug my husband along, so I could look for new jeans and maybe find some sweaters / winter clothes on sale.   There were signs up exclusively for Old Navy credit card users, which I am not. However, the 'sale' of buy two, get one free on thermals ended on January 7th (two days prior). Then, there was regular sign that simply stated 'buy two, get one free'. I was confused as to whether this applied to everyone, or just O. N. card users. So, I find an employee (the only one on the floor...) and she says that the sale applies to everyone, that the one for credit card holders is 'old'. Well, take it down, right?!  At checkout, there are cashiers, both waiting on one customer, no one else in line. The male cashier does not have his light on, so I opt for the other lane. There is a cashier, a woman, and what appears to be a manager, a younger woman. There is some issue regarding the patron's purchase. From what I can figure she opened up an O. N. card and was supposed to get a discount, but it didn't come off her total.   My husband and I stood in line for several minutes. No one even looked at us...not even to say 'sorry, be right with you'...something. No acknowledgement whatsoever. Me, already being cursed with an impatient personality, gather my items and move to the other register after about five minutes. I ask the male cashier if he can ring me up. He says that he can, when he's done with the current customer. (duh...) I say, 'great, thanks, I wasn't sure since you're light isn't on.' To which he just shrugs. Ummm....  Needless to say, not the best of experiences this time. Just hoping that maybe some college kids called off or something and that they were understaffed. Will return, but not for the customer service....
I'm not too impressed with this particular Dick's Sporting Goods. It is in a great location in the Waterfront, but the selection seems a bit limited to me. They have what you need, but they don't have many options it seems.  I went in there the other day and it looks like they also have a snowboarding section now, which they definitely did not have last season. They also have hunting, golfing and biking, in addition to the other regular deptartments.   Your normal Dick's. Nothing spectacular, but it will do.
Monopoly complete...I finally understand why (and how) Dick's Sporting Goods can charge the prices they do -- there is no competition.  Come on people, I need these warming items to keep from turning into a Sal-cicle and I am paying a lot of money to accomplish this.  The only saving grace is that the people are nice and the selection is there.  Can we get some lower prices?
It is now a shop and save.
This store has changed hands many times over the past few years and it shows. Fifteen years ago if you didn't get there by 9am you would have fight a crowd. Now it never seems all that busy. Many of the store's best and dedicated employees left or were let go (about five years ago) and product lines change with each new owner. The most recent owner seems to be improving the store and employee turnover has seemed to slow.
For any locals, I'm from the San Francisco Bay Area, so my views reflect my expectations there. I wasn't entirely sure what to expect on my first visit to "Gian' iggle", but there weren't too many surprises. It's pretty similar to Safeway or Lucky's. That is, a huge amount of processed food, and a passable produce section.   The produce was similar to what you'd see in California this time of year, maybe a touch more limited. Also, it was holiday season, so all the junk that's associated with that too.   The obvious differences were no alcohol section at all -  you can wander down the strip mall to the "Beer" store and buy mostly only in 24 packs. Apparently some of the Giant Eagles sell six packs, but not this one.  Also for people from out of state, check out the pierogi section, and the chipped ham, and other Pittsburgh oddities.   For a vegan, this is easy enough - lots of produce, and all the things you'd find in any other large chain.
I was at my friends house who lives in the area. We stopped here for a few things. It was a well kept giant eagle which seemed bright & clean in my opinion, compared to city options (north side, south side.) the produce had great selection and I didn't see them out of things we needed. We did self checkout so can't comment on the employees.
Hit or miss. Was there today and everything was good. They even checked what happy meal toys they had for my daughter. Went a few tines before and sometimes it was decent sometimes they had order wrong. When order was wrong they fixed it quickly however and most of the staff is helpful. Will go here rather than waterfront location anyday. Also very nice sitting area.
I've had mixed results here. I would definitely recommend if buying a new bike, but have had much less success with items/parts I've ordered or with repairs.
Good pizza and i love the breadsticks...i don't know too much else about this place
This place was really good.  Ordered the sampler plate with one small haluski, one stuffed cabbage, four pierogies. I have to admit the haluski was EPIC!!! OMG THE BEST I WAS LIKE WHAT AM I EATING!! SOOOO FREAKIN GOOD!!  The pierogies and the stuffed cabbage wasn't as amazing, but it was tasty. The crab cake was nasty. Yuck!!!
Decent pierogies but not the best I've had. I've eaten @ Pierogies Plus two times. Both times I got the potato & cheese pierogies. They are good however they come in WAY too much butter/oil. They are probably soaked in at least a half a cup or more of butter/oil. When I get them I have to take them out of all the butter/oil b/c it would make me completely sick if I ate them as is. Other than that the pierogies themselves are decent.  However, they are pretty pricey. About $12 for 1 dozen.  Recommend eating here if you're passing through or nearby but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Out and about at lunch... decided to stop and grab something to eat.    There was a nice selection of hot and ready pierogis to choose from which was nice and there were a few available behind the counter "cold".  Most of the specialty type pierogies require special orders (potato and meat etc.)  I had a meatball sandwich for $5.50 and it was tasty. It was the size of a half meatball hoagie.   The woman that waited on me said that the meatballs were homemade.    Of course I had to get some delicious Pierogies.. "Potato and Cheese (submerged in butter and onions).  I took them back to the office and shared.
Moved into a new neighborhood, get to try some new pies :D Pasquarelli's Pizza House jumped off of the page as the place to try. Yes, on name alone, haha. After being told that they don't deliver to me and then that they do, the actual order took place. No, you can't get double or extra pepperoni(-1 the pizza is not that good that they can dictate what you want on it) or extra cheese. No, you can't get a menu and no we are out of Hot Sausage. Too many "no's" to me. No, we don't have Coke or Pepsi. No, we don't have bottles.(-1 for all the "No's") Large Pie with Pepperoni and Ham 2 cans of Mountain Dew  $19.18, seemed a little expensive compared to prices on Mt Wash, where this would have been $14-$16, no mas. (-1) The delivery occurred ahead of the stated 45 minute time, delivery guy was great.  The dough was a little tough, in fact my jaw hurt after 2 slices. I tried another piece about a half hour later and it was really tasty and the crust was a bit softer. I also like the "Dirty Crust" (+1), they flip the crust down to size covering a presauced section, putting a small bit of sauce inside the crust. They sauce the crust edges sloppy and get cheese all over the top, Dirty Crust. Yummy!
I have tried to eat here 3 times in the last 2 years...Every time i try it's closed?  Like today, a random March Friday 3 pm.  It was closed?  Do they take a lot of vacations?  I've heard good things though.
Very tasty well made chinese cuisine, go with the take out route rather than eating in...try the Hunan wok special soup and fried rice...extra spicy.
Our Go to for Robinson and Kennedy good value and the family that runs it are awesome.   Try it out  curry beef
Applebee's is a chain restaurant found around the country. The service is friendly and now they have added to your table a machine where you can play games, answer trivia questions, or add to your order. There is a slight fee for the two former items so you would swipe your card in order to use it.  I normally come here during the week when they have lunch specials. You get a choice or soup, half sandwich or half salad of the ones listed.  I normally order the French onion soup along with the Chinese chicken salad. Although it comes fried you can request it grilled and you get a small breadstick to go with it.  It is a smaller portion than regular size for the same items but since I don't eat a whole lot I find it to be enough. Food is okay. Prices are reasonable.  They have another option when you come at other times for a 2 party sharing meal which is listed on the menu.   On this particular visit I noticed a young boy was celebrating a birthday so a group of waiters came gave him a small dessert and sang to him. Desserts are also reasonably priced but not overly big.  I stop here when I want a change of pace and want to save a few dollars on a lunch.
Pat Catan's is an arts and craft chain located in various parts of the city. The reason for my visit was to obtain a grave vase that fits in the ground and fill it with artificial flowers. Currently they have a special going on for Memorial Day arrangements but since my mother was not a veteran I knew that would not be appropriate.  The lady let me pick out the vase urn along with the Styrofoam that will hold the arrangement. I was able to find various spring flowers reduced at half price which I thought would make a nice arrangement. She told me that they will make it for me if I would give them a couple of days. I was okay with that since I wasn't in any hurry. They also sell ribbon which either they or you if you have the skill can make into those giant bows that go around the base to make it look pretty.  The store is very reasonably priced and good if you are into making your own crafts. They did tell me that they make these grave vases all year so I can come back anytime to arrange for another spray to be made.  This store is located at the entrance of McKees Rocks in the site of the former Foodland. My daughter who had just graduated college with a degree in art found the store very interesting for some of the skills she uses. They are also online if you want to look for sales.
I used to like giant eagle until they decided to monopolize Kennedy Twp by cutting a deal with the local shop n save having them close their doors it forced too many people to one store. They frequently run out of things because of this. The place is crowded and never has enough people working to support the busy holidays. Soon it will be as bad as going to Walmart  I only shop here because of the location and fuel perks.
The food was ok nothing to rave about but nothing to be to dissapointed about either. I ordered a sandwich with extra meat and was highly dissapointed. I called in to try and get it corrected the guy pretty much brushed me off telling me that's how the do it. I'll let you be the judge by the pic. Well after telling him that i was going to give negative review, he said i was threating him and for me to write my review and hung on me. I waited a few minutes let things simmer down called back and he did send over a free sandwich which was nice, just wish he could have done that from the start. Overall it's decent late night food at a reasonable price, but honestly there's better options during normal operating hours.
The food here is pretty good which is disappointing because the service is terrible. About 50% of the times we have ordered from here they somehow managed to screw up the food.. tonight they screwed up 2 of the 4 items we ordered! I dont know if the person taking the orders has hearing problems or is just being very careless but either way its very irritating getting food I didnt order.. even if its still good food...
Recently I've found myself patronizing Bellevue a little more, namely because I've bought a house in the area, and have been checking out some of the mom and pops along the little strip of Mayberry RFD that is the quaint main street. Luigi's is one of those little mom and pops that offers standard basic Italian in a comfortable setting. It's a little kitchy, red-white-and-green, with Dino and Frankie tunes playing in the background.  I've stopped in on several occasions now for dinner, with various friends, and the food has been consistent...it's good...satisfying. Not over-the-top gourmet, or even in the remotest sense 'pretentious'. It's just a good ol' night out for some pasta or lasagna, with a side salad, garlic bread and conversation with your pals.  The portions are ample, the prices are reasonable, the flavors won't knock your socks off and make you think you've died and gone to Sicily, but they won't make you cringe at having given your money to a profiteering Chef Boyardee either. The service is decent, kind of point blank, not rude, nor over the top friendly.   The crowd can fluctuate between 'Oh my god, I'm surrounded by Hillbillies' to 'the local gathering at Mayberry', but that seems to be the norm for most places in da burgh.  I've not had the pizza, which apparently get raves, because frankly I only think of pizza as coming in a box to my front door when I'm too lazy to do any cooking at home. But I've had three or four of the pasta dishes, and they come in a generous portion, with a side salad and an order of garlic toast. They taste fine, fill you up, and don't break your bank.  And for a local neighborhood joint, that's exactly what I'd hope for. A place you can go to find a dependable and reasonable meal, on a semi-regular basis, in a comfortable setting, with no frills or pretense.   And that is exactly what Luigi's is.
This is a great spot in Bellevue for a quick and decent bite to eat.  It is extremely difficult to find good pizza in Bellevue, so Luigi's is my go-to if I'm in the market for a sit-down pizza.  I've never ordered pizza for delivery from them - for that, I go to Mandy's in West View. Will definitely eat there again while I live in the borough.
I stop by here frequently when I am on my way to work for breakfast. The drive thru is fast but they do tend to get the order wrong. But I will say that I have had more free meals here due to them comping me for all messed up orders.   The staff is friendly.
This is the place that is close to my house so I go here all the time. They are usually pretty good and they definitely got better. The orders come out pretty fast and the employers are nice
We ordered from here because Uncle Chen, our go-to takeout place down the road, was closed.   I ordered the General Tso tofu, a favorite dish of mine, and hubby ordered the beef Mei Fun noodles. We always grab some egg rolls too. The lady on the phone wasn't rude, per se, but she wasn't exactly helpful or answering any of my questions, either (hubby wanted to see about getting a different sauce on his noodles, and I had to ask a few times before she finally answered my question about how large the tofu dish was). I was in a good mood though, so the attitude over the phone didn't bother me. Price was good, typical takeout rates. The good news is that they will allow you to pay with credit cards over the phone, so if you're like me and never carry cash, you can still get delivery. She told me 45 minutes for the food.  The food arrived in about 20 minutes (we live half a mile away), it was hot and smelled great. Hubby's Mei Fun looked typical, but he was saddened to see that they didn't exchange the white sauce for brown sauce. The beef was pretty mushy, and didn't taste all that great. The veggies were fresh, and pretty crispy even after soaking in sauce. Noodles were alright, nothing to write home about. My General Tso tofu was delicious, and tasted exactly like the dish I was craving. Fried to perfection, perfect-sized pieces of tofu, and a fantastic sauce. The broccoli was fresh and tasted good. This particular dish only came in one size: Enormous. I think hubby and I just ended up sharing my meal, paired with some mediocre egg rolls.  So, long story short, lady on the phone was a bit irritating, delivery was fast, food was fresh, and, depending on what you order, the food quality ranges from so-so to great. If you're looking for a quick fix to your Chinese food craving, this is a good place to order from, although I'll be going back to Uncle Chen before I try China Sea again.
In regards to Chinese delivery, China Sea is the best option around. We have yet to have a bad experience with them. The food is pretty good, and much better than House of Lee! My husband loves China Sea, whereas I would rather order pizza :)
I was in need of a pedicure before my beach vacation, so I decided to stop in to Star Nails in Bellevue. I've never had a pedicure before, mostly because I'm super-ticklish, but I felt like it was about time.  The salon looks quite nice inside; wood (well, laminate) floors, clean decor, and four pedicure chairs up on the platform on the right. I didn't have an appointment, and waited about ten minutes on a Wednesday evening.  Nancy was my nail technician, and she greeted me warmly and helped me over into the pedicure area. Pro tip: Don't wear a past-knee-length skirt, as it can make straddling the foot bath to get into the chair slightly awkward. Nancy helped me out like a pro and I was all set.  The pedicure chairs have a massage feature that reminded me of the Migun massage tables. They don't just vibrate; they knead. The controller is right next to you, so you can stop and start as you like. I just made sure the thing kept running the whole time. The foot bath was nice and warm. I'd brought a book to keep myself busy but turns out all my attention was occupied by relaxing.  Nancy guided me through the steps and the slight language barrier isn't much of a problem. She completely understood that I was super-ticklish from the flinching involved, and somehow managed to be very careful about it. It wasn't at all unpleasant, which is what I'd kind of expected.  This is the awful TMI section, so avert your ayes if you are at all sensitive. Since I've never had a pedicure and I tend to walk around either barefoot or in thin-soled shoes, I had quite a lot of callus built up. The removal was kind of disgusting, so I just didn't look, but it didn't hurt at all. I also tend to ingrown toenails on both big toes, and she dealt with them gently and quickly. I was a bit concerned about having that done at a salon, but it's a week later and my toes haven't turned gangrene, so all's well that ends well. END TMI  Even though it wasn't the spa pedicure (not sure what else THAT involves), I got a full foot and calf massage. Polish on and all done! At which point I thought I might as well get a manicure, too.  The manicure involved heated mitts and a hand massage, and was very nice. Total cost was $37 plus tip (I gave her $10 for having to deal with my nasty feet). I had some fun conversations with other patrons, and overall a great experience. I'd go back once a day if it were in any way reasonable to do so, but this is getting placed on the once-a-month schedule for sure.  The polish from the pedicure is still holding up like a champ after a week. The manicure was pretty well shot after a couple of days, so I'll probably just stick with doing the polish at home, although I can't complain about the massage and cuticle care.  Again, I don't have other salons or spas to compare with, but it seemed like a good, basic service with a few little extras. The staff were all friendly and remembered the repeat customers who came in. They do take credit cards, and you can put the tip on the card as well; I brought cash for that as I am not used to salons taking tips on cards.  They also offer acrylics (which I don't do), gel nails (which I'd like to try), and nail art. I'm not sure if they do waxing. I am sure that it's a friendly place, that it's clean (important!), and that they made me feel relaxed even though I was beyond nervous going in.
I went get because I'm looking for a reasonable place to get my nails done. A co-worker suggested Star Nail and  gave me a small coupon. I made an appointment since it's close to a holiday. Lisa was very lovely and was eager to keep a conversation going. My nails look OK, a little sloppy for my usual gel, but my toes look amazing. I'm unsure if I'll return...someone mentioned that I should see Simon, but we'll see.
Lincoln Bakery is yet another local bakery I've been meaning to try.  When a Google Offer came up, I took it so I would have no excuse to keep avoiding it.  The place has a nice neighborhood bakery feel; as I took in the many selections it seemed that everyone who came in was a regular.  There weren't many people when I was there (it was still relatively early) but I got the impression that at times there can be a line to the door.   One thing that I didn't like was although they had many pastries to choose from, nothing was labeled.  So I had to keep asking what things were.  The cinnamon roll was okay, nothing spectacular.  But the pastries I got were very good.  I'd recommend checking it out.  I know if I'm ever in the neighborhood I will stop in for a treat myself.
Cookies aren't bad.  Haven't had a reason to buy cakes or other pastries.  Staff is friendly and it smells like heaven.
Tried the lemon Charlottes and chocolate volcanos, not too bad. The prices were at a decent point and the pastries were average. Good enough to satisfy our cravings, we would go back. And the staff were all nice.
Jesse is old school. The place has been there forever and he does everything himself from what I can tell. He's a sweet Italian man who still gets down on his knees to hem your dress. I had him hem and take out a dress I suddenly needed for a wedding and he did a great job. It needed taken out pretty significantly, but he made sure to hide his work so you couldn't tell. The lining didn't match and it couldn't be let out all over, but I think that was the dress rather than him. It was a little more than I expected- $100, but he called to let me know he was ordering more lining since he couldn't get enough from the hem.   His shop is tiny- be careful, if you're standing by the dressing room looking at yourself in the mirror in a dress that's too small, you're the first thing the next customer sees when they come in. But Jesse is very sweet and careful, though I think I'll stick to hemming my own jeans.
Arby's is definitely king of the fast food joints on the Blvd.  For that, I'd give it five stars.  However, it's still fast food, which explains the mediocre rating.  Do not go here without a coupon from the Sunday paper--there's a whole page of them at least once a month.  The staff here is very nice and very fast, and on the whole, the food is better than elsewhere by the river if you're stuck with a fast food choice.
Kuhn's is cheaper than the large Giant Eagle two miles away, but there isn't a lot of variety and you won't find any specialty items .  The deli and meat selection is good and cheap--nearly half the price of the big bird.  You can find most staple items here and they always double coupons.  The produce aisle is humiliatingly sad.  There is no bakery, but they do have fresh Mancini's bread in the mornings.  A major annoyance is that you must pay cash for stamps and bus passes.
Like time traveling back to the sixties, this store barely meets the basics. Small, dingy, dated, and very limited in selection...but at least it's convenient and walkable for those in the surrounding area.   Don't go looking for really fresh or exotic produce. The produce section is tiny and mostly prepackaged. Meat section? Also limited. The deli section is small, but friendly and efficient...again, it carries the basics.  Checkout can be slow. If you're in the middle of making dinner or baking and need a quick missing ingredient, this is the place for a quick stop as long as you can use the express lane.  Otherwise, it's worth the trip to Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart or even Giant Eagle. Basic is okay and so is this Kuhns.
nice and clean with well organized large selection but was expensive. I was looking for some twin size thin cotton blankets easy to wash and hang dry for my dog and the prices were $14.99 of course somewere high quality items which u would have to pay new retail store price $40-50 but still overpriced. I finally found a small blanket for $7 on sale.
This is one of my favorite thrift stores in the burg.  Everything is well organized and the checkout lines go fast.  I always see plenty of staff members which are always working hard.  When I have a goal of something I am looking for .. this store always has it!  Cash only - no credit cards but ATM is on site.    The mention of "no fitting rooms" often peppered throughout some reviews.   I am not one that tries on clothes so that doesnt bother me.  I just wing it and it always works out.  The ample space for parking is no doubt a bonus.  It's easy to get in and out via route 65.
If you go there, be very careful with the prices. Some of the goods are so expensive. It isn't worth buying them.
I like a good bargain and enjoy checking out various thrift stores whenever possible.  I pass by this store quite frequently but never had a chance to stop.  This rating and review is based on my experiences at other shops and in comparison to this one.  The Cons: The parking lot on this particular day was quite an obstacle to drive safely through.  I witnessed at least four near misses including my own vehicle almost getting hit by several careless and unskilled drivers.  The prices.  9.99 for a shirt that was a donated good to this organization.  Most other thrift stores charge around 2.00-3.00 dollars. No returns. No dressing room to try on the overly-priced shirt that is nonreturnable. A small mirror in a far corner of the store is offered as an option. A poor explanation was given as to why there are no dressing rooms. " If you want a dressing room go to Macy's".  Sorry, in my world money is money and I choose to spend it wisely.  Just asking for options before I spend my dollars. Cash only. They staple the price tag onto the garment. For profit operation  The Pros: Its very large and spacious. Plenty of great selections and very organized. Some discounts Merchandise changes often Check out lines move quickly
The Sunday brunches serve great pancakes, and I always felt so fancy eating here as a kid.  Note that if you wait until the churches let out to get in line that there will be a long queue outside.  The rest of the menu ranges from decent to average, but the food is always cheap.  The tables are so close together it feels like you're crawling over your neighbors to be seated.  On nicer summer days and during any of the Bellevue events, they often serve fresh lemonade or iced tea outside.
A great Pittsburgh diner with friendly service and good diner food. If there are any problems, the prices a bit high for diner food and, as others have said, it's extremely cramped. Otherwise, it's an enjoyable place to eat and the food is, indeed, very good.
I am very happy to be moving into a 'neighborhood' that has a line-up of decent mom-and-pop shops to find a reasonable meal when the cupboard is bare, or the energy banks are depleted for cooking. Bellevue does seem to have a small collection of decent eats at reasonable prices, and The Rusty Nail is one of that handful of good examples of neighborhood haunts.  It's touted as a 'diner' in many of the reviews, but it really is a step above your average 'diner', and is more of a cozy neighborhood gathering spot for a decent burger, or entree. I've not made it there for the breakfast, but have always been satisfied by the dinners.  Rusty Nail is hardly on the gourmet end of the scale. In fact, I would imagine the Sysco truck pulls up out back regularly with deliveries of food parts, from cans of sauces to frozen animal chunks. As long as those parts are assembled and doctored to make them seem a bit fresher than the typical conveyor-belt diner, all is fine. And indeed, all IS fine.  So few of our local 'diners' are up to snuff when it comes to serving up decent 'diner' fare, that I can't call Rusty Nail a diner. It's a neighborhood family restaurant. Period.  Burgers, meatloaf, pot roast, fish sammiches, salads, pastas...a varied but adequate menu. Fair and decent prices. Friendly and attentive service. A cozy enough atmosphere (although I have to say AGAIN in a review of a restaurant, if you've got multiple TVs in the space, for gods sake, can ONE of them NOT be showing SPORTS coverage??) and a pleasant crowd of patrons.   During my last visit, there was a large family gathering at the next table. A nicely polished middle-class clan, ranging in age from gramps to granddaughter. At one point, dad received a phone call on his cell...and actually stepped OUTSIDE to have his conversation. As I was leaving I had to pat him on the back and thank him for being one of the few remaining decent guys with manners!  Bottom line...Rusty Nail is comfortable. It's not a drive-out-of-you-way destination for dining. It is what it is. A great little neighborhood spot FOR the neighborhood.   But do bring cash. The don't take credit cards. Believe it or not, they WILL actually take a check.
Checked out the neighborhood restaurant for Sunday brunch. The portions were generous and the omelets were very good. We felt that much of the food (e.g., sides) and service were just average. For example, we typically had to ask for coffee to be refilled. It is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat on a Sunday morning, but I would not make a special trip to the restaurant.
We've stopped in here for breakfast a handful of times. On warmer days you might have to wait but they have a list system they manage outside and offer up free coffee for those waiting.  They offer up big portions and I've rarely finished a meal here. Just so happens they focus on omelettes and pancakes, two things I rarely order for breakfast. The pancakes are big, semi-dense and have a nice flavor. Eggs cooked to order are very large and delicious. The potatoes and onions are good, but require hot sauce for flavor in my opinion.  Major downfall is the coffee, I'm sure it's Folger's or something comparable, not very drinkable unfortunately.  Waitstaff is typically pleasant and the prices are affordable. Worthwhile spot to visit if you want to avoid the chains in the area. Cash only.
We went there for dinner at about 4:30 on Saturday. There were already several diners there. By 5:15 or so, it was packed. The local people seem to love this place. Our food wasn't any better than OK. The onion soup was very good, as was the crab cake in my Mermaid Devonshire. The rest of the Devonshire wasn't very good -- just a lot of Cheez-Wiz or melted Velveeta. My wife's hamburger was nearly inedible -- overcooked and extremely dry. The staff was friendly and helpful, and there were enough of them to handle the good-sized crowd. Nice place, and seemingly very popular, but the food was only fair.
This is a cute ice cream little place.   If you blink you will miss it.. its small but still good. There's always parking on the street - easy in and out.    I only stop when there isn't a line because sometimes the wait is a little too long for me.  Browsing the menu - nothing seemed to jump out at me just the typical options. I went with a medium sundae - nuts - hot fudge and bananas.  It was $5.50. I was a bit surprised it was over $5.00. It wasn't huge or anything but not small either.    It was just a typical ice cream sundae.  Its all the convenience you pay for. You can get a tub of ice cream or $5.00.    On a hot day - ice cream sure hits the spot. I am grateful for this establishment existence because its the closest one to me but feel the prices could be a little bit more average. I haven't experienced what other reviewer's have - with the lights and music.  Its just a little cream shop if you are in the mood for a ice cream or a sundae.
I stopped by here on my way home from whole foods market. They had just paved there parking lot which can only fit 3 max cars at a time. It was not as big as the one I normally shop at in Penn Hills. They are a beer distributor and have a way hugger selection. But they serve all of penn hills so go figure.  I was looking for a gluten free beer which they had four kinds including cider. The prices were crazy expensive. $35 for a 24 pack of cider. NO way!!   I had to buy it though cause it was sunday at 4:30 and all the stores close at 5 so i had no choice. I should have waited but i drove all the way here to get it so I should just buy it while i'm there. Aside from the money issue this place was just ok to me.
A decent Italian restaurant serving delicious fresh made bread with hummus, flat breads, salads, soups, and pasta. Outdoor seating is available in nice weather, and the service is friendly. Overall, not a bad place, but not super exciting either - Pino's suffers from its close proximity to the excellent  Point Brugge Cafe. It also gets quite noisy inside so it's hard to carry on a conversation, and seems to attract a somewhat older crowd of people.
TASTY OPTION FOR SUNDAY BRUNCH   I've read the reviews and what seems to ring true is that Pino's has a good Sunday Brunch. Thankfully that's when me and my gang decided to check out this little lovely!   Brunch menu has both traditional brunch fair and some Italian twists. My mum had Challah French toast and loved it. Pops had their breakfast risotto with a fried egg on top - I tried that and it had a nice kick to it.  Other folks at the table had the eggs Benedict, salad, and Sammy. Over all everyone was happy and it was only half full so easy to talk and hang out.   And for the music complainer (you whining stinker) we had a nice iPod mix on when we were there!
I have had lunch at Pinos's several times probably at least 5 times. Usually I am there  for a business lunch when I am in the area. I find that we are well served, not rushed and the noise level is not too loud at lunch We have several times asked the Chef to make us some special version of his menu and we are always accommodated. To me this is excellent service. Makes you feel like coming back. I would have to admit that I usually order the garlic fries which are really great. I do this if I am not going back to the office or out to meet a client. Normally I would add a soup of the day which are always nice, and a sandwich of the day.  I have never been disappointed and certainly would continue to conduct business lunches here. Pino's has been very reliable and dependable in all aspects.  I would make it 3 1/2 stars.
I struggle with this review. I wish I could give it a 4, but I really can't hate on it like everyone else. Their wait staff has always been super attentive and friendly, and their happy hours are great! But, a lot of their entrees are a little meh for me, especially for the price. Stick to happy hour for wine/cheese platters, and enjoy a nice summer evening here.
Small portions. Over priced food. Very small menu (dinner). Was OK, but disappointing overall.
Pinos offers an unhappy marriage of good food at bad prices.  The food is tasty but not transcendent.  The prices in the high $20's for most of the entrees are not justified by the quality, location, or portions.  The food is essentially slightly hipper Olive Garden fare at double the prices.  For dinner entrees you can get more for your money elsewhere.  But it's not all bad.  The atmosphere is pleasant and the service was excellent.  I had a good time and I'd happily go back for appetizers (most are $8-10).  Pino's is frequented by a large rambunctious flock of malbec massacring 40-50 year old women.  My friend and I were the only males there.  If cougar hunting is your sport of choice, you'll feel right at home in Pino's jungle safari!
Pino's is an mid-level Italian place with a charming neighborhood atmosphere. The prices aren't the cheapest, but for what it is Pino's delivers small plates and dinners that are satisfying without breaking the bank. The lamb bolognese is one of my personal favorites, as well as pretty much any of the appetizers. I also love the creative cocktail list and the half price bottles of wine for happy hour. There are few places in Pittsburgh that can get me as excited about cocktails as Pino's. My roommate and I have come here with friends and sat at the bar for hours eating and drinking a variety of delightful things. In short, they do drinks and food quite well for the price.   The reason Pino's only gets three stars is the unfortunate inconsistency with service I've encountered. I get treated differently depending on who I come in with, and that's unprofessional. If I'm with my roommate and one of my friends (both of whom work nearby) we all get seated quickly and treated extremely well. In short, it feels like my presence is valued. When I've come to Pino's with people who aren't in with the owners though, I've had a thoroughly lackluster experience. Once I came on my birthday with my boyfriend and frankly was let down. We waited awkwardly for a very long time to be seated even though there were empty tables and in general had a very impersonal experience. I felt embarrassed having spoken so highly of Pino's to him beforehand. I know I'll be back for the occasional happy hour or small dinner, but Pino's isn't somewhere I would take anyone I wanted to impress due to the problematic service.
Some nice wine and good appetizers.  The main courses are quite pricey.
The food was good. The pasta is made fresh. The ambiance wasn't very cozy. Even though you are packed together and the tables are small, it really didn't match the menu which is Primarily Italian. Our server was busy when we first got there so we waited patiently. However, as the dinner went on and it was only us and 2 other tables, she didn't clean off the table once, refill our drinks, got an order wrong (it drives me nuts when servers don't write orders down on paper). Again the food was delicious but everything else didn't fit.
These guys do everything by the book. I had lapsed in my PenDot stickers and registration, and they helped me get that together (they won't work on your car if it's registration isn't valid).  They told me my 2004 Toyota would need new wipers to pass safety inspection. They had me, but the cost was reasonable.
I've been shopping at this GE for at least 15yrs.  It's convenient to work and home for me.  I think this location would be great for a makeover with all the urban redevelopment going on around it. I believe this store is corporate owned, so not sure if redevelopment is in the plans or not.  Evening check out lines can get pretty long.  Outside you can usually find people offering jitney services, selling food stamps or selling bootleg dvds lol!  A fresh seafood department would make this store much better.  I think this location is open from 6a-11p.
Nothing spectacular, but I go there regularly, and generally get a cut that works fine for at least a couple of months.  They did a good job after I had a botched cut overseas (hairdressers in Japan are, understandably, not necessarily qualified to work on non-Asian hair, as they don't cut a lot of it). Parking can be tough, depending on time of day--there's a shared private lot, but it's small.
i'm not sure why this place has bad reviews. its par for thecourse for supercuts. standard cut 16.95 is a bit pricy but they always do exactly what I say. i've simple hair so it works well for me. employees are generally nice, sometimes like talking to me sometimes talk just to each other, worth three stars for sure.
Went here with a friend for his haircut. It's been a long time since I've been to a barber shop or haircut salon/store, but from what I remember this place seems completely average. The hair stylists seem nice enough and competent. The wait was a few minutes- I actually expected the wait to be longer because we came in on a Saturday. If I ever need a haircut (which I haven't gotten in maybe 5 years!), I wouldn't have a problem stopping in here- but I tend to enjoy my long shaggy mop.....
I used to cut my own hair, haphazardly, with a pair of Andis clippers.  Once, due to a series of unfortunate events, I ended up needing a new passport photo the day I cut my hair.  I hadn't realized quite how much of a goob I looked like.  Since I was going from free to paying for haircuts, I chose a Supercuts, and it was better than I did for myself.  Periodically I'm burned by a supercut, but what I've learned is that if you know what you want and tell the cutter how to do it, things generally turn out alright, and I've been going to this location since I moved to Pittsburgh and have never had a bad experience.  The Supercuts I used to go to in Boston was renovated with a spa-feel.  Mostly that meant new seating, and heated-massage chairs at the sinks where they do shampoos.  Not the case in Shadyside.  It's in a stripmall, and everything is kind of dated.  The only "spa" treatment they have is the tea tree experience: you get a bit of a hot towel face massage and special tingly tea tree shampoo.  Some of the cutters will spend several minutes on this, while others finish so fast it seems like they have an aversion to scalp-contact.  It's hit or miss in terms of the amount of time they spend, but for $5 that's a risk I'm willing to take.  Of course you can do the same for yourself with a little Dr. Bronner's, but after letting someone operate sharp machinery near my face, sometimes I want to be pampered just a bit.  So far, while some have been better than others, I've never had an embarrassing cut at this location, and if you're a dude with short hair, you can be in and out during your lunch break at work for $30 (or about $20 if you don't want the shampoo).
Supercuts is my usual spot for an eyebrow wax - partially because I'm too broke to go anywhere else. Surprisingly, they do a decent job....most of the time. It all really depends on who I get that day, and since I haven't exactly found a master Supercuts waxer that I'm attached to, I just leave it up to fate. My skin is very sensitive to waxing, and they actually do a very good job at minimizing the redness and irritation. My one complaint is that 9 times out of 10, they'll forget to wax a part of my eyebrow and seem annoyed when I point it out. First off, highly unprofessional. Second, shouldn't the one with the messed up eyebrow be the one that's mad??
Decent neighborhood pizza can be found in morningside at eddies pizza haus. The sauce and cheese are perfect, but the crust falls short.  It has a nice texture and overall the pizza isn't greasy, but the crust lacks much flavor. Maybe a little more salt is needed in the dough to compensate? The pizza is decent enough though and merits a try, perhaps it was an off day for Eddies.
This is a small takeout and delivery pizza shop in Morningside.  It has good pizza and salads and I presume the hoagies are also good but I have not tried them.  They doe a very good business and customers appear satisfied with a lot of repeat business.  It appears to be a local favorite.  I had avery good slice of pizza, good cheese, nice sauce and well prepared.  You can get served as a walk-in in 10 minutes or less.  Not the best pizza in Pittsburgh but adequate.  The owners, cooks and staff are all friendly and engaging.  Definitely has a neighborhood feel. I'll definitely be back when I am close by.
Pretty solid Chinese takeout.  They have a $10 minimum on Campus Food and delivered in less time than expected.  The Szechuan eggplant was not spicy at all, but it did have a nice assortment of mixed vegetables (broccoli, zucchini, corn, carrots, etc.).  The vegetable egg rolls seemed pretty tough - I don't know that I would order them again.  Overall, I'm pretty pleased.  I already like this place - even the big neon sign that just says "Tasty" on the storefront.   (This is how I'm going to refer to it - ie, "Do you want some takeout from Tasty?")  I also love that one of their lunch menu options is fried rice, soup & an egg roll for $2.95!  I will almost definitely order from here again.
Note: Tasty has a credit card minimum of $10 and has a parking lot  Tasty is another standard chinese takeout place - it didn't blow my mind but overall it was good, especially considering the price. Before I continue, I will come out and say that all of the food was a little tough - the eggroll especially(As was warned) -  and the rice had some dark spots(I assume it was from the bottom of the cooking vessel).  However, I will chalk some of it up to my mistake because I thought they closed a half hour later,  than they did, and consequently ordered about 10 minutes before they closed. So, Tasty, you get a pass on the rice  Anyhow, I ordered a vegetable eggroll($1.50) and general tso's tofu($8.25)(I've learned to accept my guilty pleasure). I ordered the general tso's extra spicy - it was not. Also, the tofu was in very large chunks, which has seemed to be my luck lately. I want surface area, and I don't want to have to figure out how to cut my food with chopsticks. I will say, though, that the sauce was very tasty - enough to seal the deal for a future order at this place.  The eggroll, as I said, was tough.. It tasted good, but it was tough, and small... This probably won't be in my future order, however with the $10 minimum I do need to order something else with my tofu... I hope the soup is good.  The lady behind the counter was friendly and was decent on the phone and didn't once mention that they were closing so close to when I ordered. Portion size was good, for the $10.44 it cost me, I'll definitely be able to make a lunch out of what is left.
i'm giving this place a solid 3. i've had better cheap chinese and i've had worse. first off, let me just say take out is probably the way to go. our server was nearly impossible to understand and we drank water out of tiny styrofoam cups that we had to wait for her to refill. i ordered the crab rangoon, a shrimp springroll, and chicken fried rice. the rangoon was pretty good, the springroll was just a clump of grease, and the rice was good. my friends ordered beef and broccoli, an egg roll, and general tso's. they were not too impressed with their meals. as far as food, this place seems to be pretty hit or miss. the prices make it worth ordering take out or delivery, but i wouldn't waste my time eating in here.
Went here last night for takeout since our normal place is currently renovating their kitchen.   We ordered fried dumplings which were just ok. We also ordered some shrimp lo mein and general tsos chicken. These were some of the best entrees that I have gotten from a takeout place. The lo mein was perfectly cooked and was not greasy at all. The shrimp were also cooked perfectly. The general tsos may be some of my favorite I have ever gotten. It wasn't spicy like I requested, but the chicken was still crispy after having to drive it home and the sauce was very savory.   Overall I probably will crave the food from here and will be back, on a night when I do not mind driving to pick up.
Eating as I type. First time ordering here.   Crab Rangoon - cooked to perfection. Downfall is there is barely anything stuffed inside. You don't taste a thing. Biggest disappointment.  Fried rice - average. It's rice. No sign of egg just a lot of onion. Not bad though.   General tso's - pretty good. It's spicy like I requested. Sauce was all at the bottom, just needed a stir. Chicken was cooked nearly perfect, some a little chewy but better than the normal weird and slimy chicken you get. Sauce is really good.   Ordered via eat street and took about 20 mins to be delivered to Bloomfield. Pretty fast.   I'd order again. Definitely wouldn't try the Rangoon again. And that's one of my favorite apps.
My standards are fairly low for small Chinese take-out restaurants, and Tasty meets that standard. My go-to order is always the General Tso's Tofu which I have had several times. The tofu is usually mushy and the sauce is a bit too sweet, but it's all tolerable. I would say they're on par with the quality of other average Chinese restaurants, but the prices are on the higher end. The lunch deals are a great value though if you're someone looking for a low cost alternative.   I have never had great interactions with the employees/owners. They're not the most welcoming and their English is very broken so there's always some sort of miscommunication. This is not my top choice for Chinese take-out for sure, but I guess there are worse options out there.
Slow service and average pizza.  Convenient to home depot.
Based on some recent reviews, it looks like the quality of food at Minutellos has slipped a little bit.  Still as I mentioned before, it's a Shadyside institution located in the basement of an apartment building.    Anyway, the main reason to come to Minutellos is for the pizza.  My cousin and I did just that the other night when we were in the area.  We did the whole 'Build Your Own Pizza' thing, ordering ours with pepperoni, green peppers, onions, and mushrooms.  Good pizza even if the place is beginning to look a little dated.
Minutello's is going out of business. Last day of operation is Sunday, February 17, 2013.
This is an adequate service station and I've used it more than once when I was low on fuel and feared driving further.  It has air.  On crowded Baum Blvd.  it is a little hard to get in and out.  I'm also negative towards pumps programmed to ask for a car wash before you can pump gas.
Animal Rescue League is great! BUT, I'm very disappointed by their dog trainer/behaviorialist, Lacey.   I have a large papillon (a "throwback", as my vet called him), whose previous owners neglected and undersocialized him for the first two years of his life. As a result, he is now extremely fearful when taken outside the home, and he becomes overstimulated and aggressive. I brought him to one of ARL's Saturday small dog classes, but he freaked out, and we were asked to leave. Lacey said she'd be in contact to set up a private class.   She called a few days later, and we arranged a private class for 6pm on a Wednesday. I made arrangements to leave work early to drive back into the city and get my pup some help! It's hard to anticipate exactly how much traffic there will be on Fifth Ave during rush hour, so I wound up playing it overly safe and arriving 10 minutes early for our class.   After a few minutes, Lacey noticed us and came outside to tell me that she was running fifteen minutes behind. I wasn't sure what to do, because I couldn't really go anywhere with my cray-cray dog, and there was too much traffic to go home and come back again. So, she said we could wait inside in a small hallway.   We went in to wait, and naturally, with all the smells and sounds, my pup got a bit riled up. But, we waited...and waited and waited. At 6:25pm, I knocked on the door to the training room. Silence. So, I opened it. Nobody was there, and the door to the outside was open. I peeked out, and there she was, with the people and dog that had the lesson before me. I waited for a moment, hoping she'd notice me and look at her watch or something, but nope.  So, I took my dog and walked outside to my car. She turned and looked at me, but didn't acknowledge me in any way. I went and sat in my car with my dog for a few minutes, hoping the other folks, their dog, and Lacey would wrap things up, but no. They just continued on. At 6:35pm, I knew I couldn't wait any longer, because I had work I still needed to finish up that had to be done by 9pm. I got out of my car, and began walking towards Lacey. She just stared at me, rather than saying "We're just finishing up," or "Sorry, I lost track of time," or anything at all. So I said, "We're going to have to reschedule. It's past 6:30 now, and I can't stay past 7." She simply replied, "Okay. I'll call you."   I thought it was rude and unprofessional to not offer any type of apology, or even a half-hearted explanation, but whatever. No one said she had people skills, I suppose, and this was about getting my dog help!   Well, it's been a week and a half. No call from Lacey! Needless to say, I'll be finding another, more reliable trainer. I'm just really disappointed, not only in her unprofessionalism, but also her lack of caring about my dog. I barely had any interaction with Lacey, but even if there was something about me she didn't like, she should have cared more about helping a pup that obviously needs it.   I sincerely hope that others have had better experiences, and I hate to knock even a single star off for ARL -- but this Yelp review seems to be my only way of warning others to seek another trainer for their dog behavioral needs! :(
We took our kitty here to get spayed at the east liberty location.  Although they accomplished the job for a very reasonable price they were just extremely rude.  I know that you're probably not making much working here receptionist ladies but just try to be nice.
Although I aplaud the Western Pennsylvania Animal Rescue League for the services they provide including their Vaccine Clinic, I'm VERY dissapointed by the preferential treatment given to some individuals.   For those unfamiliar with the vaccine clinic, it is first come, first serve. Many of us get here more than an hour before the clinic starts and wait in line. For those of us who have not as well behaved animals, we tag team it and have one person stand in line while the other stays somewhere off to the side with the animal.  However, on the July Clinic, one lady claimed to be first because she told a volunteer that she needed to stay in the car with her mom instead of waiting in line. Then when the paperwork was being passed out and those of us in line expressed the fact that she did not stand in line, some of us even having a picture of those of us in line, she repeated the fact that she has an elderly mom. When that didn't suffice, she said she had an agressive dog. While I understand that agressive dogs should not be in close proximity to other animals or humans which they could harm, that doesnt stop others who have less friendly animals to still stand in line and control our pets or have another member of the family stand in line on our behalf. For the ARL to let both individuals and their "agressive" dog sit in the car and be taken first is unfair to the rest of the participants. What is even more concerning is that this "agressive" dog was allowed to sit in the waiting room for 21 minutes with 10 other owners and their pets, some of us which had more than one pet. If this truely was a case of an agressive animal, then the ARL did a disservice to its first 10 Vaccine Clinic participants who were in the waiting room. In addition, the release form states that agressive animals will not be tollerated.   It would be one thing if this was a one off, but then someone came in claiming to have an apt for a vaccine booster at 930 even though they don't schedule appointments on Sundays except for SPAY day, and they took him!  If any one knows what I need to do or say to get preferential treatment in the future, please let me know! I get that this is a low cost clinic where the services are provided at cost and I greatly appreciate  that because it helps me care for my animals and the rescues we have at a reasonable cost. However, I shouldn't be punished or forced to wait because others cannot follow directions. It would have been a different story if the preferential treatment was because of medical emergency, but they won't.  ARL, please keep up the great services you provide, but also please be mindful of ALL of your patients.  Thanks, A loving pet owner.
I'm all for what the Animal Rescue League does.  My parents just adopted the most precious 5 year old dog from the ARL, but the management here REALLY needs to pull it together.  The volunteers and staff are great, but there are just a lot of issues.  First, my parents love their little seven pound dog, but getting a small dog here is exceptionally difficult.  You need to be prepared to go in at opening and take the dog home that day.  They will only place a 24 hours hold on the animal, and many people coming in here want small dogs.  There was a LOT of heartbreak before finally landing a dog.  Second, there seems to be a lot of oversights.  My parents' dog wasn't properly vaccinated, which is really concerning.  The poor baby had really severe kennel cough as well, and he was sick for well over two weeks after adoption.  They had balls and things in the playrooms that the dogs share, which spreads disease.  :(  I think with some proper training and/or change, this place could fulfill its mission even better.  The good news is that after looking at their 990s, they seem to have successful financial management so this is easily possible.  Well... unless you count the fact that they haven't turned a 990 in the IRS in 2 years according to GuideStar.  Maybe they just need some stronger management.
Exceptionally poor maintenance service. They refused to start heat before mid-October and the centrally heated apartment grew very chilly as Fall progressed. On another occasion, they refused to change a rusted and weak lock. The lock eventually gave way and I locked myself into the bathroom. After the incident, I requested that the lock be changed immediately, and one of the owners threatened saying that we were in default of our lease agreement for not keeping our apartment as clean as when it had been leased to us. Dealing with Rocco and Elisabeth is nice, but good luck getting anything done with Nick who seems to be increasingly handling the operations of Rockwel.
The coffee is really awesome but the brunch wasn't anything spectacular.  It was also exceptionally busy and me and my three friends had to crowd around a teeny tiny table.  All of us felt like the panini/burritos were totally edible and good just not great.  The flavors just weren't super tasty.  I would say yay on coming here for coffee sort of yay on coming for food.  It kind of bothers me that it shows up as the number one restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I mean, it DEFINITELY does not deserve that ranking.  I wouldn't want out-of-towners coming to Pittsburgh and thinking that's the best we have.
Reasons:  1. LOCATION and setting: Highland Park is simply lovely - makes you feel as if you are in a small English town, where time has stood still. The art and small tables inside and outside are charming. 2. Socially Responsible:Fair trade and international array of coffee. 3. Fresh Meat:  Local pasture raised meat/ local produce in their tasty panini's. 4. Nice crowd and staff.
I've read countless 5-star reviews of this coffee shop and I'm sorry, but I don't wholly agree with, well, everyone else; so, here's my slightly alternative take on the cafe.  I'm aware, like many reviewers on this site, that not every place is aiming for me as the target customer; but even still, there's no way this is a five star coffee shop. Yes, the coffee is good and if I happen to be lost in highland park someday on foot, I'm sure I'd stop in to get it again.  But the place itself was a turn off, despite the interesting people that it attracts.  Glossy refinished exposed wood beams, fake grape vines over the windows, and odd light fixtures create a tacky atmosphere I can't overlook or sit in.  I think this is a great coffee shop if you happen to own a house in highland park, but for me it's going to be voluto or espresso a mano from now on - it's just not worth the drive.
The beans are great, but some of the men who work there are rude, repeatedly.
I'll preface this by reminding anyone who reads my reviews that 3 stars is a good review for me--it means it's good, but I'm not going to go out of my way for it.    Enrico's Tazza D'oro Cafe is definitely very good--I love the location in Highland Park, and the early morning crowd seemed pretty nice and very eclectic.  We even ran in to a friend while we were there and had a nice chat.    My girlfriend and I ordered lattes which were excellent--the space was overall very nice inside and while the selection of pastries was a bit thin I would say the ones they had looked good.  I do wish they had more outdoor seating, though.  It's tough to make the "I'm a fan" list for coffee houses.  I'll try it again and may change my review in the future.    While I"m on the note of Highland Park, I want to join the chorus of people who are dismayed by the recent hit and run involving the two bikers in Highland Park.  Accidents (no matter how horrible) do happen, and as such I'm not as angry about the actual accident;  but to just drive away and leave people severely injured by the side of the road is pretty wretched behavior.  At this point, i only hope that if you are the person who did this, you will at least dedicate the rest of your life to doing good to balance your to-date lousy behavior.  It's never too late.
The espresso is definitely good. Although the interior is strange, the location is cute for Highland Park.   My beef is with the snarky Pittsburgh hipster Employee's that barely even engaged with my jokes made about their Beta Fish "Vivian." Seriously, a boy Beta, named Vivian! That fish needs some recognition and love. After basically flirting with ourselves, it seemed like all they cared about was acting cool and barely providing an engaging espresso experience for me and my friend who were obviously excited to be there!   Next time, maybe there will be different employee's. But I have a feeling their lack of enthusiasm for serving the general public will deter me elsewhere. Sad times Tazza, I felt like I could have really loved you.
I think the lattes have improved since my last review and their soy cappuccinos are the best I've ever had, in fact, I never even cared for them until trying Tazza D'oro's. I still hold their teas in high regard. However, the food here sucks. They've always had a limited sandwich menu, but at some point even that has been reduced to three choices. I am a sucker for a good veggie sandwich, especially in combination with caffeine. Even though Enrico's is an easy walk from my home, I find myself either walking further or driving elsewhere for the caffeinated lunch experience. I guess they are trying to keep focus on the brews, but I don't think it's that hard to do both; I mean the staff seems highly competent, they have a kitchen and sandwiches are pretty simple recipes to follow and learn. With a new lunch joint in the 'hood (Park Bruges), why not expand lunch options rather than downgrade to the point of forfeiting without even the slightest struggle?
This place was pretty cool.  I mean defiantly felt like a place with a bunch of regulars, but i felt welcome inside.    All I got was a cup of coffee and a apple pastry.  My mother got a espresso.  Both drinks were good, but for being one of the top rated places on yelp, I expected more than what I expirenced.   The apple pastry did not seem very fresh, but it was still very good and worth eating.    I guess I was just a little disappointed because I expected so much more than what I got.
Still one of the best places to get soy capps, but they no longer have an extensive tea list. What's left is not a bad selection, but there are dramatically less choices, so it's no longer where I would go to sample new varieties of tea. Sandwich menu is even more severely limited and it seems that pretty much all the food is provided by U.S. Foods, or the like; nothing is local. It'd be way cool if they would source their pastries and bread locally. Until then, it is simply a great place to get coffee and espresso, with nice vibes and pleasant service.
So I went on a marathon 2 hour bike ride right before heading to Enrico's for the first time and on my last mile all I could think was "iced caffe mocha, iced caffe mocha" over and over again.  Did I mention that I forgot my water bottle on my ride too?  I was a desperate woman at the end of that one.  So I got home aired myself out and drove myself to Enrico's since a previous yelper mentioned she had the best iced caffe mocha there.  There was easy street parking right out front and I really liked that it was nestled in the middle of a neighborhood and not a loud crowded street.  Tables are large enough for good work space and folks had their laptops out inside enjoying the free wifi while the tables outside were filled with friends.  So why the 3 stars?  Well the iced caffe mocha was a bit subpar.  The syrup was all at the bottom leaving my first couple sips very watery.  Could have been a better mix.  Would I give this another try?  Sure but I definitely will ask for a nice hard shake of my iced caffe mocha before taking a swig.  The coffee place at the Walnut Mall in Shadyside is still my favorite for the iced coffee of the year award.  Try the iced OR blended ghiradelli mocha when you are shopping Shady-style - AWESOME!
We ordered a double espresso which looked more like a single shot. Cozy coffeeshop with an ample amount of seating.  There were different types of coffee available for purchase to drink there and beans to take home.  Cute neighborhood coffeeshop type feel.
On three separate visits, I've enjoyed three great cups of coffee. No complaints there. Unfortunately, that consistency hasn't been there for everyone. On a visit with my wife, her latte came out far too milky. Probably just a mistake, so we reasoned that this place deserved a second chance. The next time around, we order a pair of cappuccinos, one with vanilla --  Now, before I go any further, I recognize that cappuccinos are typically made without sugar or added flavoring. I have also been to a ton of neighborhood coffee shops, have heard the question "wet or dry" a thousand times. Sometimes a "wet cap" is really what you're hoping for in a latte. And even when it's not, like most people, I don't snark or complain when someone gives me a cup that isn't quite what I was hoping for. I usually end up liking it anyways. My taste buds aren't that delicate.  Perhaps you can see where I'm going with this story. Vanilla cappuccino. I get it, it's not something that's done. But when someone asks you for something you don't sell, just explain the situation politely. If you feel the need to snark, share knowing glances, or anything along those lines, just stifle it. Trust me, I've seen many professionals perform better with requests far more ridiculous. There's really never any need for snobbery. So I've got to dock Tazza d'Oro a bit. Too bad, because the coffee is pretty good.
I don't drink coffee, so keep moving if that's what you care about. Surprisingly quiet (library quiet) coffee shop, which is nice unless you're hoping to have a conversation without the looming self-consciousness of being overheard. Surprisingly cheap iced/chilled tea. There was a large group of neighbors gathering at the outside tables, and a fair amount of passing conversation, which suggests this might be a community gathering spot for Highland Park residents. Hoping to be inspired in future visits.
Delicious wings - sometimes a bit too deep fried for my taste, but really tasty flavors and spices. We went for all-you-can-eat wings night but sadly I could barely finish my first dozen. Beer selection is much improved since  Turadg A.'s post; they have about 30 or so available to choose from.
Pretty good bar food.  It's conveniently located and a fun atmosphere.
Wednesday is Wing night, i.e., eat your face off night. For ~ $9 you can eat unlimited wings (with your choice of various sauces) for several hours. If you can, top it off with a brownie - they're quite good.  I've mostly had the wings at Blues & I like all of the sauces, but the burgers are good, as well. Whatever you do, make sure to get the sweet potato fries & tip your waitress! (Especially if her name is Meg).
Wing night wednesdays! 50 cent price wings and $1 beer at William Penn on Tuesdays and my body is not hurting too badly the next day, Buffalo Blues for all you can eat wings. There are a ton of sauces to pair with these wings. They bring them out 5 at a time so plan on ordering your next selection when your wings come out because they take quite a bit of time to come. I don't think I have ever eaten the other food here except for the wings because they are pretty good. The only downside to this place is that service is really really slow.
This is a great place for happy hour, to catch the game, or to have a small-ish private party. Definitely check out their website for the daily happy hour specials, but Mon-Fri from 5-7pm they have  $1 off all drafts 1/2 Priced Blues Booze $5 Nachos and Quesadillas $5 basket of wings (10 pieces)  East End beers are $3 all day, every day.  The food here is not spectacular, but I've always enjoyed what I've gotten. Being from the South, I wouldn't think to order the BBQ or catfish here, so I can't vouch for those. The spicy wings, cheese sticks, salads, and grilled cheese are all good. The regulars and servers are pretty nice people. We watched the Saint/Steelers game here (with our Saints attire on!), and easily made friends the whole night. They also have a small "loft" area that you can reserve for free for a private party, and you're supplied a waitress for the evening. Finally, they deliver! I love having another delivery option besides Chinese and Pizza. Now I can be lazy and eat a big salad!
The best thing about Buffalo Blues revolves around Sundays during football season. For me, personally, it's one of the best places to catch an NFL game...especially if you're not a Steelers fan. On any given Sunday, you'll find fans of just about every team in the NFL taking in a game, so the atmosphere is a positive one. Seating is the only issue. Get there early or you might end up standing to see your particular game, as seating can be a premium by the time the games begin. Luckily, the TV's (there are lots of them) are all labeled with the day's matchups, so finding the game you're looking for isn't a problem.  The draft beer selection usually has something for everyone, from local craft brews by East End Brewing, to seasonals and your simpler standards (hello, PBR), so if you're a beer person, you won't be disappointed.  As far as service goes, it's hit-or-miss. I've had mostly great service at the bar, but I've also had average to below average service at tables. During bigger sporting events - primarily Steelers games - the service can be even more iffy due to the sheer volume of people in the bar area.  Overall, I have to rate the food as average. I LOVE their boneless wings, and their wing sauces are all very excellent. Their pulled pork is really tender and delicious, as well, but most of their sandwiches and burgers are simply average. The fries can be either really good, or too soggy and greasy. I think the inconsistency in the quality of the cooking is the main issue. The menu reads really well, which raises your expectations, but sometimes the execution will leave you a little disappointed. It's never horrible, but you'll rarely be blown away by your meal.  In the end, I'm giving Buffalo Blues a higher rating based on the experience during sporting events, which, let's face it, is the real draw of a "sports bar." As far as sports bars go, it's my favorite place to catch a game. They always get a good crowd for games (whether Sundays during the NFL season, Saturdays during big college games, or for Pens games), and if you stick to the wings and beer, odds are your experience will be great. There's a good chance that you can go in and find fans of your team if you're an out-of-towner looking for a game, and the crowd is much more accepting, friendly, and relaxed than the crowds I've experience in other sports bars in town. Most of my average experiences revolved around non-game times when you try to get a more traditional meal and realize that there are just better options in Shadyside for lunch and dinner.
So, I went to Buffalo Blues tonight for the second time (not the second time tonight, the second time in my life) for dinner and some drinks, and to sum up my experience in a few words, both times it was about what I expected.  Just a fine sports bar - no more, no less.  I'll start with the drinks.  They have a good draft selection, and supposedly they've got a nice bottle list too, though I didn't have a look at it, so I can't judge; and the Happy Hour special compliments it well ($1 off all drinks 5PM-7PM).   Plus they have East End drafts at $3/glass all the time, though they were out of Big Hop (the only East End choice they have) when I was there (I don't know if this is a regular occurrence, but if it is, they better do something about it).  The bartenders were friendly and quick to serve, qualities that carried over to the food service as well.  The menu has a pretty good selection of pub-y and Southwestern-themed foods from which I picked the black bean and corn quesadilla.  Although at the end I was running low on guacamole (which is $1 extra for a small cup) and sour cream, this is a small quibble.  The meal overall  was good, and since I got it with the happy hour special, I can't complain.  One thing I will mention is that there aren't too many vegetarian choices on the menu (I'm not vegetarian, but I try not to eat too much meat, so I notice these things), so if you're a vegetarian, I would try to look up the menu beforehand just to be sure there's something for you.  I know I haven't said much negative about Buffalo Blues in this review, yet I'm still giving it only three stars.  This is the kind of place that makes me appreciate the "word versions" of the ratings that Yelp gives us.  "A-OK," which, if you didn't know, is how Yelp describes three-star reviews, is exactly how I would describe Buffalo Blues.  The comparison I keep going to in my head is Die Hard 2.  It's not nearly as good as its predecessor, but it's still something I'm fine with popping in every once in a while when there's nothing better to watch.  To sum it up - I'm not a big sports guy.  Buffalo Blues, though it is a sports bar, is not the place that would sway me to go to watch a game there with my friends (I'll still say that some kind of playoff game of the Steelers-Ravens I watched at Big Jim's was one of the best sports-watching experiences of my life).  And, judging it as a sports bar, it didn't do anything to justify my giving it anything but "just fine."  But I'm sure I'll go back there for happy hour again sometime.
The buffalo chicken dip is very good. Their wing nights are decent (gold rush/death row are probably the two best flavors in my opinion). Wednesday night trivia is also fun (thought it took much longer than expected).   A good sports bar to say the least, usually went there for world cup and euro cup soccer games as well.
Their food is okay and beer selection is diverse and good.   The problem i have with the place is that Buffalo Bills fans congregate here and cheer on every mediocre play their football team makes, (or almost makes) so it's like watching the Superbowl except it's a losing record team stopping a team on third down.
I have mixed feelings about this place.  I'll say up front: I only ever go there on Sundays for football, and I would never go there for any other reason.  It is the only bar I know of in the city where you can reliably find every NFL game televised and enjoy your Sunday if you're not a Steelers fan.  Pretty much every team is represented by the crowd on Sundays, with a disproportional number of Bills and Redskins fans.  The crowd is generally friendly, with many of the same faces from week to week.  They tend to have a wide selection of beers that rotates pretty regularly, but wide selection doesn't always mean good selection.  That said, sometimes they get some really great beers that you wouldn't expect to find at a sports bar.  Whatever you do, don't order a bloody Mary, they're atrociously bad.  The staff is almost universally friendly, with the exception of one barback who seems to always be in a bad mood and rude to customers (he often takes over as bartender later in the day on Sundays).  That said, the wait staff don't seem to know much about the food or beers that are offered, often mis-characterizing new beers that are on tap or giving wrong information about things on the menu.  The food is mediocre and over-priced.  When two of us go for one game on a Sunday, drink 3-4 beers each and each order an entrée, we generally end up with a tab in the $80-90 range, depending on what we're drinking that day.  In a city that is almost universally accommodating to vegetarians, this place is most decidedly not.  They have a veggie burger which is actually pretty good, but it's the only decent thing on the menu for a vegetarian to eat (there is also a grilled cheese sandwich and a veggie sandwich, both of which are bland to the point of tasteless.  It's like eating plain bread).  They have 4 entrée salads, and every one of them has meat as a defining ingredient.  They don't even have beans so you could have decent veggie nachos.  I know, it's a sports bar, but I don't want to eat the same veggie burger every Sunday for 17 weeks.  It gets old.  Fast.  Upshot?  In the absence of a new sports bar opening up, we'll be back next season, but not before then.
I would take advantage of All you can eat wings on Wednesday.   We went on a regular oll Sunday night and even though the wings were tasty, my frugal self would've rather had AYCE. We tried a variety of sauces (we ordered 20 wings and every 5 can be a different flavor) The Buffalo Blues sauce was ok. It was just their signature bbq sauce. WE also tried garlic parm, honey teriyaki & gold rush. All were ok.   The boozy buffalo is a good drink. It consist of smirnoff orange, tanquery, jose cuervo, captain, triple sec, OJ, fresh squeezed lemon and a splash of Coke. I seriously felt fabulous after one. It's served in a mason jar. ($12)  Lauren was a nice server even though the table in front of us put her through some bs-- they ate all of their food then complained to the server and asked for the manager complaining that what they got it wasn't what they ordered... no idea why they waited until every scrap of food was gone to complain but you know, you'll have that. kudos to Lauren for keeping a smile on her face.
Had a wonderful beef and pulled pork burger at Buffalo Blues yesterday. The food and drinks were great;however, as far as I could discern this sports bar only had one waitress trying to cover over 30 customers. And this on a Saturday with the world cup games. I saw only one waitress and a bar man. The gal was valiantly trying to keep up. But the burger was great.
Not bad atmosphere little cramped in the booths in the bar area. Wings were really good actually and the Boozy Buffalo was yummy.
Decided to grab a drink and a quick dinner with my ball n' chain at the bar.  I ordered the half n' half combo of soup and sandwich (grilled cheese and tomato soup).  The Husband had the grilled chicken sammie.  As soon as the kitchen dumped out my order the bartender immediately took issue with the portion size.  It was much appreciated.  He immediately went back and got me more food.  Regardless of how good the service, the food was not worth coming for.  The soup was the consistency of the stuff in the canned soup that they instruct you to add water to prior to heating (minus the whole adding water step).  As a result, it was as thick as a dip.  Despite not being soup, it made a great dip for the potato chips.  Sit at the bar.
This is my go-to place for curing a hangover. I don't know what it is about Chinese buffets the day after a long night of round after round, but it does the trick. I also like to come here before I go grocery shopping at the nearby Trader Joe's because everybody knows it's a bad idea to go shopping for food stuff on an empty stomach.  All of my favorites are here, veggie lo mien, string beans, mac 'n cheese, crab rangoon, hot & sour soup, I haven't seen dan bing (egg pancakes) in awhile but when they have them, they are out of this world with some peanut sauce. Another thing I miss is creamed spinach... I have yet to see this dish on a Pittsburgh buffet but if you go outside of the city it is a staple among Chines buffets.  Another star got knocked off for the lack of fresh fruit on the dessert table. Canned pineapple and mandarin oranges will always carry that metallic taste to them that is just no comparison to having the real thing.
Just ate there, right next to GameStop & Google, has 3 small booths, & ordered the pepper steak w/ onion ($10.95). Food is fast fresh & hot, but mine had too much onion & not enough steak. At the end of the meal I was just eating onions with rice, though I hear this is healthy for you. Counter lady was cordial, but didn't reply when customers told her, "Have a nice day" #awkward. I know that English isn't her first language but she needs to catch on that people are wishing her well. Wasn't stuffed full either despite having eaten a large plate (I usually get this feeling eating Asian). This is basically a nice place to go for lunch that won't ruin your appetite for dinner. (Side note: Food is very clean. Brushed my teeth an hour before w/ Tom's of Maine fluoride-free peppermint & still had minty fresh breath an hour after eating)
I think 2 or 3 stars is accurate for this joint... The chicken is quality meat and its lightly sautéed but the sauce is to blah. It's a nice place to sit down and have Chinese food if you have no other local options.    It's my last resort for Chinese food in the area. Prices are absurd!!!
China Garden is your basic Americanized Chinese food with one possible exception:  It's got an above average buffet.  Most Chinese buffets I've eaten at range from "meh" to "ick".  But the vegetables seem fresh and crisp, the chicken here is tender and not rubbery, and the egg rolls are fairly good.  It's worth checking out if you need a quick meal.
It was good for a change from regular food......
I knew I needed new tires and an alignment so I ordered the tires ahead so I could be in-and-out as quickly as possible to make it to class. Showed up noone had ordered the tires but they said they'd split the difference of a different brand. I was a little irritated but agreed and thought this was going to be a bad decision coming here (I'm from out of town); however, I was pleasantly surprised by the service. The mechanics noticed the car's bushings were what was causing the problems it took awhile and they offered a little extra discount which was much appreciated. Overall, it took 2 and 1/2 hours, had front aligned, bushings replaced, two new tires, and an oil change....cost $606. So, I still believe it was a little pricey but the guys were great and I can definitely note an overall difference in my car.
Good for Altar bar. But they didn't have fries....
Seems like a decent garage. I was really in a jam and needed a repair done and had already bought the needed part. However they would not install it. I'm not sure why their policy is this way perhaps there's good reasoning behind it but it left me in a jam. Most garages mark up parts 40% maybe that's why? Or maybe they don't want everyone walking in the door with their own parts? I wasn't expecting a warranty I just wanted to part put on the car
Not cheap by any means.  Rather expensive for the most part. Others rave about this guy, but honestly, I don't really see what makes him that great! He charges just like any other mechanics...parts are marked up just like everyone else. It is not like one can barter with what the prices a mechanic charges; otherwise you can't get the car back.
Locked out of my house at 830pm, called, they arrived at 930pm took 1 minute to open, cost 120dollars. I used a different company to open my car door at 10 pm before and only cost 50...so....
I came here to buy some desserts for a dinner party later that evening. As it was my first time at Food Glorious Food, I asked the woman to help me choose a variety of desserts. She was patient and answered my questions on the various goods but for some reason I thought it would be a quicker process and she would be more decisive with suggesting things - it felt more drawn out. Also I had ordered a peanut butter caramel rice crispy treat and she did not cut it into pieces after she offered; and she placed the fruit tart near the flaps to the top so the cream got smushed into it.  That being said one of the guests really enjoyed the chocolate chip cookies - he ate one and then came back for the second; another enjoyed the napoleon; and the peanut butter caramel rice crispy treat and pumpkin roll were good. The desserts were good and had a homemade feel.  Based on the other reviews I would like to come back and try other things here at the bakery such as the sandwiches, quiches, pies and cinnamon rolls - they've got a cute rustic sitting area, and they take credit card. I came here in the early afternoon on a Saturday so they may have sold out of some items.
I was dreading the trip, but turned out better than I expected. I already had my driver's photo card in hand and just needed to get my picture taken. Wan't too busy on a Saturday afternoon.  The lot has free parking which was convenient.
I like how this place is so conveniently located. Although they don't do out of state licenses, they can change your plates to PA ones. Anyway, this place is AAA as the name states, so I would suggest you get a membership before coming as their computers are very, very slow.  My husband went in without a membership and signed up, and because of their computers, we were there close to 3 hours. So be warned.    The customer service is very nice and they try to do their best to please their customers. If you are getting plates here, make sure you have EVERYTHING, otherwise you will be coming in for nothing. Since the title of my care had my husbands name on it as well, I had to get a power of attorney so I could get the care registered. So that kinda tells you just how much stuff the state requires.   Overall my wait was not too bad. Just bring a book or download a game on your phone in case you end up waiting to be seen.
While most AAA business can be done on-line, this is still a beautiful building to behold.  This is the place to come for drivers license photos.  Also the place to come for Title Services.  You can obtain EZ-pass here and consult with travel agents and get travel brochures.  The UPMC Shadyside School of Nursing faculty offices and computer lab and classrooms are also located within.
It is nothing like the bars in San Francisco, I don't know where you people went. I'm not enough of a scenester to appreciate Shadow Lounge to the fullest, I don't care for poetry slams or open mic. The night I visited, they had a live band playing an early set, it ended at 9pm.   I was intrigued by the sandwiches they make on one side of the bar - whatever it was smelled amazing and no doubt smells even better after you've had a couple beers. Speaking of beers, on tap selection is small - 4-5 beers and even the fridge wasn't impressing me. They do have full bar however.  There was also another room with couches and big TV and another club (?) linked to Shadow Lounge that looked more hip-hop and danceclubby. There was no dancing going on though and the room was rather empty.
Shadow lounge brings good music to East Liberty in Pittsburgh. For this, they deserve 3 stars alone.  However, the one time I was there for a Reggae concert, it was incredibly crowded, but even worse, it was impossible to get a drink at the bar. There were two bartenders trying to serve 300 people. In sum, come for the music only.
Great club/bar/lounge/venue. Great mix of people and music with decent bartenders and good prices on beer.
I spent about an hour here.  Most of the associates are older men that take pride in there work and are all about customer service and getting the job done.  Theses associates were always working and never just standing around talking.  Whenever they finished one task, they would ask someone else if they needed help.  Now if only the key copies they made were accurate...
I love hardware stores.  LOVE.  But this Home Depot has disappointed me.  The location is great, but the floor staff is unhelpful.  Tonight was a great example of I don't like the floor staff.  My vacuum stopped picking up anything but the largest pieces of dust.  After opening her up, I quickly realized I needed a new belt.  It was pouring down rain, but I put on my rainboots, grabbed an umbrella, and hoofed it over to ye ole Home Depot.  I had to stand over the shoulders of five--yep, I counted five--employees in appliances for a full minute before one of them would help me.  After someone directed me to the vacuum parts, I had two male employees stop by to see if I needed help as I searched for the correct belt.  I had the vacuum's name and number written down, as well as the belt style, and had the actual busted belt with me.  Yet, each of these men acted like I was some stupid girl.  "Did you unplug the vacuum before you removed the old belt?" one asked me.  Duh.  I'm not an idiot.  The other later asked, "Do you always wear bright yellow rainboots when you're doing repairs?" and snickered.  Look, all I said to both gentlemen was "I'm just looking for the correct style number.  But thanks."  I received similar treatment I stopped by to buy a new set of bits for my drill.  "You know drills come in more than one kind, right?" I was asked.  And when I needed a new bag of dirt of my cacti, I was question about why I wanted succulent dirt over potting soil.  Every time a male employee here approaches me, I'm questioned or given unsolicited advice in a snotty way.  This girl may wear bright yellow rainboots, but I am also the Norm Abram of my family.  AKA I'm pretty handy.  Oh, and the vacuum works perfectly now.  Shout out goes to the check out attendants, who were SUPER polite.  Nice work, ladies.
This was my first time to this Home Depot.  Very impressed with the customer service here.  We were redoing a bathroom and went in for more tiles.  They were out of them.  However, a staff member helped us use other tile and decorative pieces to compliment the tile we already had, instead of schlepping all the way to Monroeville to pick up the tile up were originally looking for.  We were very happy with the result!
This is a pretty good HD. It is somewhat smaller than the ones in Ross Park and Monroeville, but they seem to stock most of the same items. Occasionally I do need to go to Monroeville to find specific items, however. With a 1920s house, I spend quite a bit of time here for getting materials for repairs.  Customer service is about average. Some people are very helpful, others not so much. In general, they seem to be better than the Lowes at the Waterfront. At least HD people know where items are in the store. I can't tell you how many times I've received completely different (and wrong) answers to finding stuff at Lowes.  I would prefer a small hardware store (such as an Ace) closer to me for things like nuts, bolts, and screws. Ace seems to have a better selection than HD does for hard-to-find items. HD has most of the basics covered, however, and probably a little cheaper.  I generally avoid their paint section except for equipment. I prefer the service at a Sherwin-Williams or Masterwork Paint store.   We've had decent luck with their garden department. We've had to return a few plants that died the day after we planted them, but they have never given us any problems with returns.   It's a big-box home improvement store, for better or worse. It's a convenient location with a decent selection. 'Nuff said.
Most of the home depots i've seen are the same and that includes this one. aisles full of hardware supplies, tools, bathroom accessories and even a small nursery for gardening.   My favorite section is the tool section seeing that I'm a DIY-er. (Do it yourself) if you didn't already know that. I enjoy building, maintaining and fixing things in my own home as opposed to hiring a contractor and paying a boat load. I'm best known at the Home Depot in monroeville. I come in there so often a lot of the employees know me just by my dog. Yes my dog, who i have brought into this store several times. They allow pets i'm assuming because i've never been asked to leave and I've seen others with their pets as well.   That's the best part about the store is the animal policy and the fact that they offer enough supplies for you to practically build a house. Some things are cost efficient while others are kinda breaking the bank. There not as modern as lowes but they have alot of the same products. I recently built my own in home bar. t's 8 by 2, a long bar that i (a girl) built by hand. I'm very proud of the work i did. I installed lights and polished it and it has a resin top with ceramic tiles beneath it. It's a real beauty and i got all the supplies at home depot. Cost me about $600 to make but i put it together in 2 months so that's a plus.   But yea if your in need of some nice plants to go in the kitchen or patio OR you just want to spruce up a few things around the house, then this Mega home repair store is where you ought to be. Between this and lowes its not like you have a choice.
I made the rookie mistake of going to this Home Depot on a sunny afternoon on a Saturday.  Enter pure chaos.  For starters, this parking lot is the worst.  Small spaces with large trucks squeezing in.  Seriously, what were they thinking when they made these micro spaces?    There were people in every which direction aimlessly and some pointedly Cris-crossing every aisle.  I WAS able to ask two different employees for help, but you have to grab them, because they're busy.  The check-out was even more insane.  Two lanes with actual employees and then the self-check out, which really shouldn't even be a thing.  You try scanning your own yard stick.  Yeah, right.  This particular Home Depot is located just beyond Penn Circle in East Liberty ('Slibery) and is off a one-way street.  Don't come here for a relaxing shopping trip.  Be prepared for insane parking lot wars and lots of chaos once inside.  But if you live in the East End, and need supplies, this is probably your best bet.
After several other trips to this Home Depot (it is the closest option for me) the service has been better. It is still heavily dependant on the day/person, and there are lots of employees who don't know very much and still learning, so have some patience when shopping here.
I had some pizza from Pizza Parma today during a lunch meeting at work.  A colleague brought it in, so I didn't pay for it and can't comment on the price.  I had a few slices of the pepperoni pizza and found them to be resoundingly average.  Nothing special, nothing especially good or bad.  Crust, sauce, cheese, pepperoni, fin.  It was a little greasy, and quite cheesy as well.  I was starving so I really enjoyed it, but I think overall the pizza is pretty generic.  Still, for a late night slice or if you live nearby and just need to pick up a quick pizza for dinner, I'd say go for it.  Just don't have very high expectations.
Pizza Parma has many of the characteristics I like in a pizza joint.  1) They deliver when they say they will,  2) Diverse menu and toppings,  3) Coupons,  4) Online ordering, and  5) Take credit cards.   I think Pizza Parma shines with their specialty pizzas. Artichoke, Buffalo Chicken, Spinach & Feta, and Greek pies are all delicious. I've also had some of their pasta dishes, and I can't complain. It's nice to have something other than pizza delivered; the portions are huge, and they come with bread and a salad. Pizza Parma fails on wings, though. The texture is unappealing (aka, flappy chicken skin-- yuk!), and the sauces lack depth. Desserts are also not worth the buy.
I like the pizza and the selection of toppings.  They are reliable.  Great option for take out food.
Three stars is super accurate for this place. We decided to do take out from here after walking by it a hundred times after the gym and hearing radio commercials about it from that god forsaken BUBBA SHOW (does that plug raise anyone else's blood pressure??) Our order was ready in 15 minutes (speedy!) and we got a large 1 topping pizza for ~$8 and a side of fries. All together like $13 for three people, which is pretty good. As for the pizza, the crust was crispy and not too thick or thin, and the sauce was sweet, not seasoned. I prefer a more herby sauce myself, so I wasn't wowed by it. The fries were a bit soggy, but tasty. Overall, if I were in a pinch I'd order from here no problem but it's not a place I'd set out to order from because I love it.
Pizza Parma delivers through GrubHub, which is the primary reason I ordered sandwiches from them. BBQ chicken was ok. The bread is a little more on the burnt than toasted side, leading it to be dry. The value is good. The 20" sandwich was about $11.
If you find yourself craving pizza on a Saturday night, you can't beat $9 for a large cheese pizza. I also enjoy the hoagies as they are lightly toasted for a nice crunch.  I can't speak for the pastas or appetizers, but the Pittsburgh style grilled chicken salad is a dependable choice.
Great friendly service and my order was done fast, which was amazing since I was a walk-in. Lots of toppings piled high but I wish there was more cheese. They did have small bottles of vanilla Coke, which is a rare find these days.
Take out and delivery only. Good pizza and our go-to for delivery. Love the hungry man special- cheese pizza, breadsticks, hoagie, and a two liter for $23. Pizza is good- cheesy and delicious. I like the sausage pizza here as well. The steak and meatball hoagies are our favorites. Service is fast and friendly.
Some friends and I ordered a couple of pizzas for delivery from here tonight.  We'd bought a few growlers of hard cider from a local establishment, and we were looking for some fuel to help us soak up the booze.  My friend suggested getting pizza from here, and I didn't object, since I'd never had pizza from here before, and I'd heard the pizza from here was consistently decent.  The pizza showed up about 45 min. after we ordered it, right about at the time estimated, so no complaints there.  As for the pizza itself, it was solidly A-OK--nothing special, but nothing horrible, either.  It was a bit on the greasy side, and I could tell from pulling the first piece away from the pie that the crust wasn't crispy.  Biting into my first slice of pepperoni pizza confirmed my suspicions about the floppiness of the crust.  As for the flavor, it was your standard pizza flavor--again, nothing special, but nothing horrible, either.  It was more greasy than I'd like, but not to the point where I felt it necessary to dab off the grease with a napkin (though I was tempted to do so).  As the bottom line, the pizza was fine for our purposes (to soak up alcohol). It was better than Vocelli's, and about on par with Papa John's.  I wouldn't go out of my way to order from here again, but I wouldn't object to it, either.
I always order from Pizza Parma on Friday nights and receive great service for delivery but this evening I received the wrong order. Giving 3 stars because the pizza is always good but disappointed in the mix up.
This may change. And I may also be generous with this review. Time will tell... Ordered from here for the first time tonight. I desperately wanted soup! The lady, who was delightful, took my order. A small personal pizza, wedding soup and their *crab* bisque.  I always do bad then good.  Both soups were obviously pre made. And actually confirmed by the above delight.  Crab bisque, actually not bad. But had shit fake crab stick... Wedding soup I couldn't taste. They were low. And to the credit of the server let me know. I was offered their chicken noodle as a replacement.  It was junk... The exact same crap I made the mistake of buying from eat n park a few weeks ago in a drunken state.  Now, the pizza! It was really good! The crust was light and flaky, sauce was tasty too!  I'd definitely come back for the pizza!  I'm new to this area. Pizza perfecta was the spot I'd read about. But honestly, after trying both. This place is much better for za.
This place is bright and clean and I've seen staff taking care of machines every time I've been there (different times/different days) so I imagine it's well maintained in general.  Love that there are bus stops directly in front of and across the street AND that this is a 24-hour place.  I usually spend $7.50 every 2 weeks* though I could probably get away with using the single load machines and a few minutes less in the dryer.  I especially appreciate the good spin cycle from these washers as that means less time it has to be in the dryer!  Around here, you can walk around the 'hood while waiting for your cycle to finish (pizza place, convenience store, coffee/ice cream shops next door, Border's bookstore down the block, more shops on Ellsworth nearby)  *I'm a female doing laundry for 1 so it takes a while to have enough for separate whites/color load.  I've also been to The Laundry Factory a few blocks away and I prefer Econowash over The Laundry Factory.
So, unfortunately I've had to outsource my laundry-doing in the last couple of weeks because the dryer in my building has broken down and my not-so-prudent landlord hasn't been helpful at all in repairs (ugh!!). Twice in the last two weeks, I've washed loads of laundry late at night and discovered my dryer hasn't worked. It's really great to know that this place is right down the street and is open 24/7, especially when the Laundry Factory down the street closes at about 9pm (which in general I much prefer to this place). But for convenience-sake, I appreciate this place. On the cons list, it's not incredibly clean and I have used dryers that simply don't work here.
Everybody, chill out.  This is a trendy place to shop, yes, but it also has better prices on some things than Giant Eagle or Trader Joe's (Gasp!).  I split my time between Here, Giant Eagle and Trader Joe's pretty evenly, depending on what specialty items I might need.  Oh yeah, don't drive here.  Walk, ride your bike or take the bus.  If you're really smart, you'll avoid the headache and park on one of the many adjacent side streets.
3.5 stars, actually. Would be 4 but I had to knock off half a star because of the parking situation. The lot sucks, I used to work at Whole Foods and I can not recall how many times I almost got hit by a car when retrieving carts. I am one of the lucky ones, I know of a few people who weren't so lucky.   I'm a huge fan of the salad and hot bar - not a fan of the price though. To be fair, I can only blame myself for ending up with an $11 salad (but everything is so good and actually fresh I can't stop myself from piling it on). The prepared sandwich's are pretty awesome too and if you go after 9p, they are buy 1 get 1.   I now work with a lot of children on special diets and I have no problem finding lots of GFCF treats for them here.   Groceries range from expensive to moderate depending on the brand. The WFM's 365 line is an excellent bargain.   The bakery is full of tasty treats. You've gotta try the pumpkin pumpkin pie, though I believe it is only available around the holidays.   The whole store gets crazy busy on and around holidays.
I  like this Whole Foods for the most part.  Prices can be so so, but the selection for unique items is great!  However, a lot of the organic items can now be found at many Giant Eagles for much less expense.
Having just moved from Austin, where the original Whole Foods is located, I'm not going to actually "review" this place for its selection or quality of food. Cuz let's face it, how could I seriously compare this location to the original, gigantic, amazing, fresh, wonderful, healthy, gorgeous Whole Foods in Austin? Instead, I'll limit myself on reviewing the ever so friendly staff and parking lot.   First, the employees. I've been to several Whole Foods around the country and I always got the impression that Whole Foods prides itself on customer service. Maybe this place is the exception? I was shopping here yesterday and a lady kindly asked an employee if she could squeeze in behind his veggie cart to grab something. The employee actually had the audacity to say, "When I'm done". And he did just that. He finished stocking his fruits and veggies and when he moved his cart and the lady thanked him, he didn't say a word. Also, the lady bagging my groceries didn't say one word to me. Not when I said hello. Not when I said thank you. Not even an "ok" when I said have a nice day. She didn't even smile at me! Where is the love? Actually, where are your manners?  I don't need you to love me, but don't be rude or ignore me.   Second, the parking lot. I'm pretty sure this is the only Whole Foods in all of Pittsburgh. However, the parking lot seems to be built for Pittsburgh, population: 50. It's a small lot - good luck finding a spot without creepily following someone to their car and fighting an SUV for the spot. Luckily, I've never truly had a problem parking because I go at off times and park farther away. But I'm suspecting one of these days I'll come out and find my car dented or scratched. Maybe by a car, maybe by a shopping cart......maybe by the lady who was bagging my groceries yesterday....  So two stars docked for the above mentioned.  Other than that, I'll keep shopping here - after all, it's not like I have another choice when it comes to the Whole Foods of PIttsburgh.
Short and sweet, and as a Haiku.  Parking is awful No wine, but that's PA's fault Best organic food
I love the concept of Whole Foods, but as everyone knows it's pretty pricy.  Hence it's nickname, "Whole Paycheck."    Nevertheless, always great organic produce.  The seafood and meat here are also the best.    However, this place is always packed.  Be prepared to be bumping into people and feel a little claustrophobic.  The parking lot can be quite tricky as well, as it can become completely full.  They really need to add another location in the City of Pittsburgh to take some stress off of this one.
NO WI-FI.  Just FYI.    When I lived in Cleveland and my first (truly terrible) apartment had no wi-fi Whole Foods was my second home...I would buy a little sampler of buffet foods and salads, a coffee, maybe a vegan cookie, and park myself at a booth for an hour (or more, let's be real).  After I taught a yoga class.  I know, I know, I'm such a white liberal yuppie, it's painful.  Anyway, so when the internet went out at my Pittsburgh home I trotted off to Whole Foods, bought some food and a coffee...and asked about the wi-fi.  "We have it," said Cashier #1.  "It's probably just under "Whole Foods.""  "We have it," said Cashier #2, "but I don't know the password - ask customer service."  "We don't have it," said Customer Service, "go to Starbucks."  Believe it or not, Starbucks is letting me drink my coffee & eat my vegan cookie and didn't make me buy anything.  NO WI-FI.  Otherwise, this Whole Foods is pretty good.
This store is great - it's got all of the fresh specialty items we need for cooking great weekend meals for friends, but isn't a vast, overpowering warehouse. Items are well organized, and easy to find. As others' state, it ain't cheap!   One way we lowered our Whole Foods bill was to go for their 365 in-house brand, which is typically priced at the same pricepoint as similar items in the regular chain grocery stores. We don't use Whole Foods for all of our supermarket needs, just the specialty items, great produce, and seafood.  I docked two stars for absolutely terrible parking - yep. I know that's harsh, but every time we come here, we need to factor in another 10-15 minutes to get a parking spot and be able to leave safely (there are always cars behind us looking for a spot when we are trying to leave, and so we often can't just pull out of the space and leave quickly...) Even being careful, we have almost been hit multiple times by people losing their cool with the terrible parking.  That being said, we will continue to come here to stock our home when we plan to entertain at home.
This store is pretty good. Yes it is fairly expensive but you can get quite a few items that are difficult if not impossible to find at other stores. They have a nice meat department with quite a few good naturally raised products, particularly beef. We've been very happy with their produce, which we find noticeably better than Trader Joe.  I wish it was bigger so there was a larger selection and a larger prepared food selection (we are used to the larger stores in Chicago). Also wish there was a liquor department but I'll probably have to run for state office for that. Frankly the worst part is often parking. Don't know what causes everyone to behave badly in their lot (myself included) but man it can be a mess.   Anyway we'll keep going at least for meats and produce.
I love everything that Whole Foods offers, but I can't stand the experience of going there. The parking lot is a mess of aggressive drivers acting like the extra 50 feet of walking will negatively affect the environment more than their driving around the parking lot until a better space opens up. Once you get a space and finally get inside, the experience mirrors that of the parking lot. Everyone is in each others' way and trying to be the first one to find the best organic orange or grab the last package vegan general tso's in the store.  To be fair, though, the experience is still 100 times better than going to the Market District a few blocks down the same street. Similar in-store and in-lot experience, but with a better and higher-quality selection. The staff is always really nice and super helpful, and their trays of fruit and veggies are excellent. We've ordered them countless times for parties and have never been let down. Pricey, but excellent quality. The prepared foods are delicious, and their prepackaged prepared foods are also really good...but like nearly everything else in Whole Foods, a little pricey. For example, their yummy tomato bisque is $7. Hardly cheap enough for a quick lunch, but it is yummy. Their baked goods are delicious as well. We're constantly picking up bread from there (and the occasional doughnut), and we're never disappointed.  Their meats and seafoods departments are also excellent. They have a great variety and are always helpful in answering any questions that I've had (although we still opt for our meats from DJ's). Of course, if you're at Whole Foods your'e likely there for the organic options, and as to be expected, you're not going to find a better selection anywhere else. More unique, perhaps, but their inventory just won't be matched any time soon for those foods. Surprisingly, third-party & prepackaged pricing is actually on-par with Giant Eagle, so whenever we're looking for those types of items (milk/eggs/pastas, etc.), we always opt for Whole Foods.
I have only come to this Whole Foods a couple times since moving to Pittsburgh in 2010. However, now that I have discovered that I have some food allergies, I may be coming here more often!  PROS: High quality, unique products, especially for those with particular dietary restrictions  CONS: Terrible parking lot, crowded store, high prices  Personally, I buy specialty items but wouldn't purchase all my groceries from here. I can't yet afford that luxury!
Ok, so this is my first visit to Whole Foods...ever.  And now I know why it has taken me so long.  Much like the parking lot, the inside of the store is just as congested.  I came here with only two things in mind that I needed, I went to the aisles I assumed they would have been in and we all know the saying there.  For as small as the store is you would have thought I would have bumped into a staff member.  I was again wrong there.    I scanned and scanned and scanned the aisles until I found the two items I needed, and wouldn't you know right after I did, I came across a staff member.    After being run over by a stroller on my way to the registers, I was happy to head back out and fight the congestion in the parking lot.
I shop at Whole Paycheck from time to time, but I find them much too expensive for everyday groceries.  If I want to splurge once in a while, or buy something to take to a party, it's definitely the place to go.  The cheese counter is extensive, but I don't like that they pre-cut their cheeses, I much prefer the way Penn Mac handles their cheeses and does not cut until you order.  Whole Foods will gladly do the same, so make sure you request that.  I love the produce and the prepared foods.  I just wish they would give us a break on the prices.
So..... when I think about shopping at Whole Foods, I always create an alternate universe where I think I would be able to shop here. I think: if I made at least twice the amount of money I currently do, I would be able to be a member of the club and shop here. .... but I don't. Thus, I only stop in here on very special occasions when I 1. can withstand the rage I feel when I pull into this parking lot; and 2. I want to either eat at the buffet or buy a very specific item. I would definitely recommend that others stop in sometime to get some food at the buffet. The quality of everything is pretty incredible (though of course it's typically really expensive).
My expectations for Whole Foods Market had been established as was growing up in the DMV (D.C., MD, VA) area. Thus, very fresh produce, high-quality meats, diverse cheeses, expansive bulk section, novel food items, exceptional food bars, and excellent customer service were essentially a given. On the other hand, I also expected parking difficulties, even at stores with multi-story garages.  The Whole Foods Market in Pittsburgh is not much different from those in the DMV area. However, the parking is horrendous! Really, a medium-size private parking lot for the only Whole Foods Market in the Pittsburgh area right along a congested major road? Let me say that Whole Foods Markets in D.C. are also close to major roads, but they at least have underground or aboveground garages and fairly decent road infrastructure to accommodate for the influx and outflux of shoppers. I would love if the Pittsburgh store can build a garage of some sort (I'm not counting the garage next to the Starbucks and Walgreens) with smooth entry and exit so as to prevent a mini-gridlock along Centre Avenue.  Parking situation aside, the Pittsburgh store does live up to my expectations established from the DMV stores. You will rarely find a bad apple (no pun intended), and the store usually keeps shelves stocked (except when there is a major sale or promotion going on). Now, if only its prices and my budget could meet halfway so I could frequent this store more--via bike or my own two feet.
I seriously don't know where to begin. Oh yes, I shall start. Ladies, DO NOT ever go there hungry, or on your period that has your horns out due to the most beautiful thing we get "cramps". First off the parking will make you want to rip your steering wheel apart, and throw it at the person ahead of you that got the last parking space. Parking is MADNESS!!  Then after you find a parking spot from doing bumper cars with other non-driving asses. Here comes another traffic jam (carts, and people). The space in there is one big box. Geez Louise.   I cringe when I have to go there to get an item that only WF carries. But I like how they trap me with their delicious fruit and vegetable display as soon as you walk in. It's a war zone in that area. I can understand organic being more expensive than conventional, but why oh why is their conventional JUST AS expensive as their organic? REALLY?!?! So every time they get me with their fruits, veggies, and the only place that I have found to sell skinless drumsticks, along with 2 or 3 more items. My bill is ALWAYS 90.00!! OMG!! I only got 1 bag of groceries!! The fruit that sells by the pound be like 8 to 9 dollars. I just can't.   On a more positive note. The employees. They have always been so great to me. Always greet me with a smile, and if I have an item that has a coupon, they go out of their way to get the coupon so I can save (lol at save) oh my haha. But yeah, the employees must be getting paid good, because they smile, and always happy to help me.
I will start by saying this review is for the hot bar and I must of gone at an off hour for the hot bar and by that I mean during the dinner rush before they replenished it. I would say everything I got from the salad bar to the hot bar was good apart from they had run out of soup/special of the day and the chicken was beyond dry, the time I spent in the dessert was a wet oasis compared to the chicken. I just feel that for the price I paid it was not worth it. I have been to a smaller whole foods with a better hot bar and to the one in New York City and remember it being great. I only give this one 3 stars because the Mac n cheese and vegan tofu loaf was rather good. But I must repeat myself about the price. For what I got it's way to much. It's hard to justify paying that much when I could make it for 1/5th the price at home. Now I know I don't have to cook or clean and that's the point of eating out but I could also go to trader joes get a few frozen meals and eat for over a day for the price of one hot bar meal from whole foods.
I know what Whole Foods has done for the area and for that I'm forever grateful.  They came into a dicey neighborhood and brought their awesome healthy food and fun staff and East Liberty blossomed around it.    But that parking lot.  Good Lord it's like playing bumper cars.  And from the YouTube video where the guy sings, "It's getting real in the Whole Foods parking lot" I realize that Pittsburgh's Whole Foods is not special - this is a common problem.  Small spaces, not enough parking, too many people driving through fighting for a spot, yeah, it's a mess.  It's almost always crazy busy in here.  I believe I'd come more often if the shopping experience was calmer.  But because of the insanity of the parking lot and the hectic shopping (people everywhere bumping into each other)  that takes place inside, I truly limit my shopping here.  To like once a year. But when I do venture in I think they have a fab hot food section and great sushi.  Some pretty tasty baked goods as well.
I have such mixed emotions about whole foods. I first visited whole foods in February of this year.. In my opinion, it is a little overwhelming at first and here's why. Like most People in the US, I was brought up on all of the "typical" mainstream American food brands. So when I walked into this place and barely recognized any brands, it was slightly overwhelming. It took a little research and I still do some research on some products before making a trip. I recommend going online and checking their coupons before making a trip - I tried a bunch of new products that way. I have also googled "best snacks at whole foods" to get some more ideas of what to try.   Now here's the sucky part- overall, whole foods is pretty overpriced. BUT I will say that it is not ENTIRELY their fault. They sell higher quality products than your average grocery store. Mostly all of their products are made with the best ingredients and are often organic and gmo free. They are vegan and vegetarian friendly and have tons of options for people with allergies. If companies are spending more money on better ingredients , they are going to have to sell their products for a higher price.   Having said that, tazo tea for $4 a box is not a sale. I went a couple weeks ago and saw the sale price advertised, did a quick google search and realized target sells their tazo tea for $3.50 NOT on sale. Needless to say I took the trip down the street and saved myself some money for the tea. I also recently wanted to purchase kale chips that I heard so much about (brand is called brad's raw and the flavor was vampire killer)... Until I realized they were $9 for 2 oz ! You can get fresh kale for less than half the cost!   Although whole foods can be expensive they aren't ALWAYS that bad. My favorite yogurt, wallaby organic yogurt, is sold here. On a normal day, it cost $1 each. A couple days ago, they were 89 cents each- not bad for organic yogurt. They also have an amazing selection of uniquely flavored chocolates and they are pretty reasonably priced. Justin's organic peanut butter cups are incredible!   The customer service has  always been awesome in this particular location. I hear that whole foods is very willing to take back anything that you don't enjoy , as long as you have your receipt.   as other yelpers have said- the parking sucks in this location, it's a nightmare. So keep that in mind before you visit.   Overall, when I want to treat myself a little, I come to whole foods.
Every once in a while, when I'm feeling particularly flush, I battle the evil that is the WF parking lot. I tell myself it will totally be worth it in order to class it up with some high quality goodies.    The fish and meat selection are out of the park when it comes to freshness.  However, I've purchased flowers twice and each time they were dead by day three.  Both times I allowed the molten flowers to remain on the counter an extra day to serve as a reminder why I'm not WF material.
The parking lot is always a zoo and that alone will give me a bit of anxiety if I think of going to Whole Foods. People get pretty crazy driving around in that lot..like mean and road-ragey. Yes, this place is more expensive and that keeps me from shopping there on the regular. It's always packed when I go in as well. What I do like about them is the selection of flowers (I don't always buy, but it's nice), availability of very specific items, great selection of all kinds of foods, and a nice area of prepared food if you want to take something to go or eat there. It's a clean store and the employees are nice. I find it's easy to navigate. It's definitely a good place if you're trying to find items for a recipe you don't usually make (like me...boursin garlic herb cheese? I found it here). It's vegan and vegetarian friendly..both of which I am not, but still a great option for other individuals. I will say again the parking lot keeps me away a lot though if you happen to score a sweet spot, it's a great idea to peruse the aisles and you may just find something new to check out for a lower price.
I've been to many whole foods market particularly in CA. I was really excited having a Whole Foods market near my apartment; however, I am really disappointed with this location. The deli (pre-made/salad bar/hot bar) selection is limited and the food is subpar. The parking lot is teeny tiny. If I had a choice, I would go to the Wexford location.  Definitely should stop by if you're in the area.
When I travel for work, I often stop at Whole Foods to pick up prepared meals.  I know that I will get a good lunch or dinner, and the price is comparable to most upscale fast food options.    A few weeks ago I was really sick and came in to pick up a cold remedy, lunch, and orange juice.  This Whole Foods is just not quite up to the national standard.  First, this Whole Foods is fairly small, but the parking situation is a disaster.  There is not adequate parking, and the kind of people who shop at this particular Whole Foods are the worst people ever.  People will try to run you over in the parking lot to get the last spot.  It's actually pathetic.  The store is set-up a bit odd, and the employees aren't particularly friendly here.  I felt like I was begging someone to find Sambucus, which just isn't fun when you don't feel well.  However, the cashiers were up to par.  The biggest kick in the face was the prepared foods section.  At 11:00 AM on a Thursday there was no prepared food set up.  No soup, no entrees.  Just some leftover Oatmeal that had hardened from breakfast and the name tags for the prepared food that would eventually come out.  There are only two small serving stations as well, and a lot of my favorite options were missing, like the mac and cheese.  If you are just looking to do standard grocery shopping here, then this Whole Foods is just fine.  The grocery selections were pretty standard, and the aisles are wide enough.  This Whole Foods is a big step up from the gross Market District down the street, but the standard is pretty low here as well.
I, in theory, love Whole Foods. I love the produce selection, the cheeses, and the meats. The hot bar is lovely and the bakery pretty good. When I moved to Pittsburgh, I was elated to finally have a Whole Foods I could shop at!   But the experience is just... unpleasant. Humans in BMW's/Audi's/beat up subarus have turned into vultures, circling... waiting... for the next spot to open up in the impossibly tiny lot. There are no words to describe the anguish of being stuck behind one of these vultures stalking a shopper with a full grocery cart, only to see a spot just ahead, that someone else pounces on while you helplessly look on. It sounds trivial and I get that this is a city, but is this what one really wants to deal with as they are trying to run errands on their day off when there are other, less stressful options near by?   And, you know, I think the trauma of trying to find a parking spot remains with the shoppers long after parking their car because people the atmosphere is kind of stressful inside as well. The jockeying for the shortest line in the check out, the pushing people out of the way for the last organic horseradish root... it's about the same as any other urban grocery store but after the parking! Knowing the dangerous gauntlet I must run to get back to my car with my groceries! The prices! It's just not worth it.   And I'd be willing to forgive all of this if it were an above average Whole Foods, but it's not. This brings me, at last, to the turkey. I called ahead in late October TWICE to make sure the turkey I ordered would be fresh for Thanksgiving. It was supposed to be fresh. It was labelled fresh. But it was frozen. If I'm going to pay 60 bucks for a bird, it really should come as labeled and advertised. I don't need the stress of hoping my bird will thaw before the big day (spoiler alert... it won't). Especially not after the parking lot.  EDIT: Well, customer service was awesome and they refunded my frozen turkey. I amend to 3*... thanks customer service!
Whole Foods is a tribute to healthy eating. They have fresh produce with the precut items a plus for busy people. These include a variety of fruits and vegetables.  Onions and celery are nice for preparation of stuffing for holiday turkey.  They have a very nice fresh olive, roasted pepper,  ... Section.    Bakery items are extensive and delicious.   They also have a large selection of salad wines and vinegars.  They also have a large section of gelatos and frozen yogurts.  Prices tend to be high and store can be very crowded.  This is a store specializing in higher quality foods and serves a niche.
Jimmy Tsang's Chinese Restaurant is one of the old "traditional" Pittsburgh restaurants, a place you remember as always "being there."  My parents feel the same way about it.  It is a good, if unspectacular place with reliable, tasty fare like honey chicken, Chinese flank steak, and authentic eggrolls.    I don't normally go for the spicy fare, indeed I prefer the plainer dishes like chicken with vegetables, but they have one item on the menu that I've always wanted to try--Sau La Gi, which is stir-fried hot spicy chicken, onions, green onions & fresh bean sprouts.  Perhaps I've never noticed, but I don't recall seeing it anywhere else.  It was good, but Hoo-Boy did I have to pace myself while eating it.  And have plenty of water nearby!  Sau La Gi was worth trying once, but it really wasn't to my tastes and I doubt I'll have it again.  My friend Maryann tried  Ching Za Gai (spicy also) which is roasted crispy chicken served with tangy vinaigrette sauce.  I sampled it and perhaps I will order that for myself next time.  I'd like to cook a milder version of it myself at home.    More to my tastes however are the Garden Chicken, Chicken with Broccoli, or Beef with Pea Pods.  Seafood dishes include Sweet and Sour Shrimp and  Sauteed Shrimp Szechaun Style.  Yeah, I'm a little unimaginative when it comes to Chinese food, but I know what I like and if a place can do the basics right, it's okay in my book!  Jimmy Tsang's also has a convenient and inexpensive lunch menu.  The place also does Korean Barbecue and you can book a private dining room for you and your special someone with a $100 deposit.
Went there last night with 8 peeople. There was another 14 people party.  The food was good -- not great but good. We waited 45 minutes for the first dish to arrive and that only because we sent one of our folk to see what was going on.   They did bring drinks and tea promptly.
I was expecting a lot more from JT but realized that it is a restaurant that serves both chinese and korean but not in a fusion type of way. It merely has a chinese menu and a korean menu. The idea was cute. They even have typical chinese lunch specials.  The deco needs upgrading and dusting -- some lighting or even natural light (its like walking in a cave!) and some other reviews were right that it has a hint of smoke in the air.   I had a craving for comfort food and ordered Jajangmyeon and grilled calamari. The tea and water was served as I sat down. I went a little after the lunch rush so there was not too many people. The calamari came out promptly and the Jajangmyeon took a little longer. The portions were huge!   What took the longest and annoyed me the most (I was the only one left at the restaurant) was waiting for the check. Why does waiting for the check take 45 minutes? They never came the clear the table or walked by so that I could signal that I needed the check. I should have just walked out. The food was okay but I seriously needed to get in and out of there in a certain time frame that they didn't help with. You may want to consider going when you have a 2 hour lunch break.
Yep, closed!  My dad and I were gonna come here dinner last night.  He called me and told me to meet him at China Palace instead.    So long Jummy Tsang's!  You were one of the last of the old time Chinese joints.
After a long day of recruiting at CMU, I arranged a dinner for 16 people here in Casbah... Prefix menu, over all the experience was ok.  Break down: Scallops - Appetizer - I had high expectation but it came out a bit too over spiced.  Very rich i am glad they only gave me two.   Fillet Mignon - Entree - Very tender piece of meat but no wear near as good as some of the places here in the Silicon Valley or even some of the chain steak places like Morton's. Dessert - The highlight of the of the meal.  Mango panna cotta with some sorbet.  It was amazing.  The consistency of the panna cotta was perfect.  It wasn't too dense or too liquidy.  Being a Big Burrito restaurant, I expected more but it was good nonetheless.
So I went back to Casbah for dinner and was totally underwhelmed. The granola I had for brunch (in my previous review) was better than my entire dinner put together. The service was better at dinner then at brunch, but the food made my rating drop from five stars (probably a little generous) to three stars. Definitely go for brunch! But it's not worth the money for dinner. Mediocre food in a nice atmosphere with good service is still mediocre food...
Meh.  Seriously?  Mediterranean?  What?  Sorry, but just because you serve scallops on babah ganoush doesn't make your restaurant Mediterranean.  This was kind of a disappointment, if you couldn't tell by my sarcastic tone.  The food was good, and I had a great time, but the food lacked the final eyebrow raising component that you come to expect with the bill that follows.  That said, the wine list was good and the prices were reasonable relative to the food.  Get the cheese course for dessert and you'll go home happy.
I really wanted to like Casbah after checking out the menu online.  I really wanted to like Casbah once I saw the super cool dark interior of the restaurant.  Unfortunately, everything started to go down hill from there....  The waiter was less than helpful suggesting a wine to accompany our dinner, which I found to be a bit odd at such a nice restaurant.  My friend and I order split the tuna tartare and the fennel salad to start.  The tartare was decent but it lacked seasoning and I wasn't into the creme fraiche on top.  The salad was ok but nothing to rave about.  I had the short rib ravioli after reading the reviews on Yelp, but I didn't like the sauce that accompanied it.  My friend ordered the risotto with oyster mushrooms and she was also less than enthused.  Don't get me wrong, nothing about my meal was terrible, but nothing about my meal was spectacular either.   It looks like maybe I should have tried brunch.  We shall see if I'm willing to give Casbah another chance....
Out of the Big Burrito group (not counting mad mex) this is probably the biggest disappoint of their chain. And this is just not a one time bad experience, I have been here three times and have been less than enthused with the food vs price/value.  Service has always been good and attentive I enjoy their wines and the selections but on almost every dish there is something is either wrongly out of place or I expected much better for the money I am paying. For example:  Sumac scallop Appetizer, cooked perfectly, but the tartness of the sumac was not there, the other thing is I can brown a scallop at home, in a restaurant I am looking for a perfectly cooked scallop that has a nice caramelized sear on it, almost crunchy top juicy center. Also why so stingy with the baba ghanoush, 1 tsp, come on, eggplant is that expensive.  Risotto - Over cooked not even a little bit of toothiness to the grain, plus it was pretty devoid of flavor but seemed to have had the addition of cream and butter to make it creamy.  Duck Entrée, again duck was perfectly cooked, quince jus was nice, not overly sweet but the faro did not compliment the dish at all. I even had a dining companion taste the combination and asked if they like it and they said it didn't go.  Pasta entrée with spinach, this could have been good, but spinach was not washed and had grit in it, this item was returned and a braised lamb dish was ordered in its place, the lamb was slightly undercooked (read just a little tough) and jus that went with it was very watery.  If this was some little bistro where I was paying $20-25 for dinner (no drinks) I wouldn't be so picky but some of my meals have been north of $40 and for that amount of money I expect a little more attention to detail.
Very tasty food and drinks! Its a little pricey, but worth it if you want something better than a typical chain.
The interior is very nice. The food is a hit or miss. We went for brunch today. You can select a drink (alcoholic or non), an appetizer, and a brunch entree for the price of $22. The appetizers we had (pollenta and squash&chestnut soup) were very good. The entrees, on the other hand, left a lot to be desired. We got the mushroom omelet and jumbo lump crab and tomato omelet. The omelet was very bland. It did not have much flavor and needed seasoning and more ingredients than just eggs. Basically, I have had better omelets at some Denny's. My drink mimosa was just OK. My girlfriend's blood mary was delicious, though -- uniquely spicy.   I have been to Casbah 4 times, last time being for brunch today. The first time, it was good, worthy of 4 stars. It gradually went down to 3 stars. The wine selection is good. But the food is definitely hit or miss. Once I had a halibut that smelled like the ocean. It was not well cooked or fresh, or something. Consistency is the key in a nice restaurant; Casbah leaves much to be desired in this regard.
I have to agree with the "hit or miss" reviewers about Casbah, at least when it comes to the food. I came here for brunch last weekend with a big group. They were very accomodating to us throughout the reservation process and the brunch, which was good. And our waiter, Daniel, was great.   The previous reviewer who said the Bloody Mary is the best drink was spot-on. It had a great spice and was the only drink that seemed like it had any alcohol in it at all. The mimosa and sangria were very "eh."   I loved my smoked salmon appetizer (and that did seem to be the hit at the table), but entrees around the table left people disappointed. The goat cheese and mushroom omelette could have had a heckuva lot more goat cheese and mushrooms, and my scallop/sausage/grits/egg dish just had way too much going on. The grits were actually fabulous, but the scallops were overcooked and got lost next to the scrambled eggs (?) and sage sausage crumbles.   If I lived in Pittsburgh, I could see myself coming back here for wine and appetizers, but I'm not sure I would make it a regular brunch or dinner spot.
Casbah is more like a 3.5 but I rounded down:)  We arrived after happy hour at Soba, apparently owned by the same people, for dinner.  There were four of us, and they started us out with delicious drinks.  I had the margarita topped with Malbec which was surprisingly yummy.  For appetizers we tried the meatballs and the grilled trip of flatbreads with mediterranean dips.  For mains, I had the rare seared tuna, Andrea had the salmon, and Allejandro and Elie both had the gnocchi.  Everything was ok to start and the mains were all good, although they rely heavily on butter and huge portions for their mainstay of flavor and satisfaction.  It was interesting to have such big portions after NYC where I'm used to portion control, but I decidedly prefer more reasonable portions (maybe somewhere in between).  All in all, a nice garden, pleasant and a good place for conversation.
My husband and I went to Casbah to celebrate my birthday one evening.  We were seated on the patio which was fine before a party of 20 was seated with a 1 year old who was banging his silverware on the table all night.  So much for romantic!  Ever hear of a babysitter?  Anyway, ambience aside, let's get to the food which overall I would give a C+.  We started with the veal and pork meatballs which were the highlight of the meal.  The perfect blend of sweet (fresh tomato sauce) and spicy -- the meatballs had a nice tang, and the polenta was delicious albeit there wasn't much of it there.  We each then had the heirloom tomato salad which was tasteless.  I grow heirlooms and know the intense and wonderful flavor they should have. These tasted like a grocery store tomato bought in December.  Very disappointing.  I opted for the cavatelli entree which was not prepared as described on the menu.  It was swimming in tomato sauce and overall was very bland.  Another disappointment.  My husband had the pork chop which wasn't bad but certainly didn't leave us wanting to return here for the food.  All this said, the service was professional, we enjoyed the drinks (he had the sangria and I their house cosmopolitan) and had a lovely bottle of wine.  I might return here for happy hour but it was not the right choice for a romantic special occasion dinner.  And we had the decency to hire a babysitter for our children, otherwise we would have stayed home.
I finally went to Casbah for brunch today. Rolled in at 10am to meet a handful of people. Because it is Labor Day weekend, the place was empty except for a woman who had just gotten there too which was nice because a friend had warned me that the place gets crazy. We sat outside and atmosphere was cozy under the tent with the warm colors of the decor. Our waitress was incredibly friendly and presented us with the menus. I think it is great they have a prix fixe brunch - 1 alchy or nonalchy drink, an appetizer and an entree - but for $24. It looks like they have since raised the prices since Miles O. went. I felt it was just a tad steep and a lot of food but took the plunge anyway. I ordered the smoked salmon for the appetizer and the mushroom omlette for my entree, and had a hot coffee (they did not have ice coffee though offered to put ice with hot coffee if I wanted it). The waitress brought out some delicious mini baked treats before we got our dishes - poppy scone (on the crispier side but delicious), blueberry muffins and biscuits, which were all buttery goodness. After eating these I was getting a little full and then after my appetizer I realized I probably should not have gotten the prix fixe but could have would have should have. I ended up boxing half of my omlette entree. Portions were large, atmosphere was cool, food was good and wait staff were awesome but in the end I don't think $24 (not including the tip and tax) was worth it.
Um.  A little bummed.  I had high expectations, but left feeling just...meh.  The restaurant is really cool looking but I was a little confused by the bar set up.  We sat at the bar because they didn't have any tables open.  I usually don't mind sitting at the bar but the stools are bolted to the floor, and about 2 feet from each other.  If you have three people with you, forget about mingling!    Also, the service was very iffy.  There was a bartender, and then a server for the bar area (or what it seemed like).  The bartender got us our drinks, but never told us a server would be with us.  I figured she was our server too.  But then some other woman came up to us all flustered.  She never introduced herself, just asked what we wanted and kept saying "okay, okay, okay."  Just very odd.  It continued that way the entire time.  I tried the prix fixed brunch for $24, which includes your choice of an alcoholic bevvie (Bloody Mary, Sangria or Mimosa), appetizer and main course.  I had the mimosa, that was the perfect mix (splash of OJ:), Polenta and Eggs Beni.  The cinnamon polenta, which was delish: light, fluffy and warm with dried fruit and almonds on top.  I loved it!  The Eggs Beni with smoked salmon.  It was just okay.  I kept trying to think pf what was missing and I believe it was that the hollandaise sauce had no real taste.  I expect hollandaise sauce to be rich and creamy, this was thin and blah.    I definitely want to go back and try the dinner, see if maybe I'll have a little better luck.  So kick it up a notch Casbah, you've been around for a while, but I still expect good food!
Passed this restaurant for years on my way to Buffalo Blues or more recently Mad Mex but have never actually eaten here.  Having finally come for lunch, I overall enjoyed it but it had some ups and some downs.    I ordered the Piccola Gusto Menu which for me included the Cream of Cauliflower soup, the Orecchiette Pasta and the Roasted Turkey Sandwich.  It sounds like a lot of food but the pasta serving is mini and it's a half sandwich.  For me, the size was just right.  The soup was awesome, and I could have eaten an entire lunch of just it.  The pasta was a little too creamy for me and just didn't have enough seasoning or spice.  I did love the addition of the cranberries in it though.  The perfect amount of sweet to offset the cream.  The roast turkey sandwich was just that.  Not out of this world, but not bad.  My biggest complaint was the service.  It took a really long time to get our meals which is always a bad thing during a weekday lunch.    I'd like to go back here for a happy hour when it's warm so I can enjoy the covered patio though and a nice glass of wine!
You know what's good? Tomato-basil soup with cream in it.  And even better? Finding a way to eat on the patio in January. Where the dining room at Casbah is intimate and warm, the patio is bright, open and shielded from the elements. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful, and the lunch specials were actually special - good flavor, slightly indulgent, but you don't leave feeling overstuffed. I want to eat my way through the menu.
I came here a year ago and had a really awesome meal.  I'd say the best in Pittsburgh I'd had since arriving.  Given that, we went here for a birthday dinner.  Overall, we were all left with kind of a "meh" experience.  Our server seemed pretty disinterested and slow.  I think the low point was someone ordered a steak medium rare (for $38).  What came out was a well done and COLD piece of meat.  It looked like a hockey puck.   When he sent it back, no apology...and no change in the bill.  I at least expected a manager or someone to come out and apologize and say "We've taken it off the bill" or SOMETHING.  Nope.  He sat there watching the rest of us finish our entrees before his replacement steak arrived.  The rest of the entrees were good and I would go back.  But probably with lowered expectations.
I had a free entree from Big Burrito for my birthday, for which we decided to use at Casbah a few weeks ago. It was my first time there, though I've tried a few other BB restaurants in the past.   Food:  - Cracked pepper butter was delicious - I had to warn the waitress not to let me have any more bread and ruin my meal! - Grilled Bruschetta (ricotta, fava beans, Swiss chard,  preserved lemon, arugula, chervil, Calcagno) was a bit too lemon-y for my liking - Short Rib Raviolli (Short Rib Ravioli, Swiss chard, oyster mushrooms, roasted shallots, gremolata) was very savory and I would definitely order it again - Double-Cut Pork Chop (with braised kale, prosciutto & parmesan risotto, garlic cream, sage jus) was Joe's meal. I tasted a bit of everything and really enjoyed the kale. I like really really creamy risotto, and this wasn't quite there. I dont want to say it was undercooked, as I like I just like mine over-cooked. - Fried Apple Empanadas (vanilla bean cider reduction, toasted oat streusel,   caramel ice cream) The ice cream was great, but the empanadas were bland to me.  Service: Not terrible. I understand at nice restaurants people enjoy taking their time to relax, enjoy their meals, and converse with their dinner-mates, but our server should have been more observant to the fact that we would be just sitting there with empty places waiting for the desert menu. I will note, though, that the table next to us returned two glasses of the same wine and the bartender came over and very politely suggested an alternative wine for the patron. They were very accommodating in this way.   Will I go back? Someday - but I think I may try Soba or Kaya first.
I was treated to Casbah for lunch by a potential employer who had passed me over, but really, really liked me. She said it was her favorite restaurant, but that she didn't go as often as she'd like.  I knew the building from the early 80's when it had been one of Pittsburgh's dive gay bars called 'The Tender Trap', and knowing this, as well as a lot about the Big Bistroid Group...oops...Big BURRITO Group, I was curious to try it out and see if it lived up to the usual Big Burrito hype.  And voila, indeed, it's another excruciatingly overpriced bistroid in da burgh.  The atmosphere is actually quite lovely, inside or out. The colors are comfortable, the noise levels subtle, the seating comfortable, and the service staff looks professional (YOUNG) with no Coney Island side show appearances.  The service was good. Not overly friendly, but not uppity like young people waiting tables in more upscale restaurants tend to be in da bugh.  The menu was short, but did have a list of pretty unique offerings.  My friend had a salmon salad, and I opted to try the Farm Lamb Mac-n-Cheese.  The waiter brought a small basket with bread to the table accompanied by a single medium sized pat of salted butter to spread.  For a beverage, we both opted for just water.  I have to say, if I actually had to pay for this, I would have been pretty miffed.    For LUNCH, the prices were all around the $15 range, and the portions were NOT large.  The portions were actually fine for lunch, not overly filling (by any stretch of the imagination), but they didn't leave you hungry.  I can't speak for the salmon, as I have NEVER had salmon in any form other than lox that didn't taste like a dried sawdust version of some strong fish. She seemed to enjoy it very much, so there it is.  The Farm Lamb mac n cheese was tasty. The lamb was tender and moist, and the mac n cheese was a tiny tube pasta with a very nice creamy cheesy sauce, all topped with a bread crumb covering when it was broiled until crispy.  It was accompanied by a 'pinch' of mesclun salad topped with another pinch of fried onions.  Basically - take one large spoonful of mac n cheese with a higher end cheese sauce and a fancier noodle than comes in the average box - mix in about four cubes of roast lamb, sprinkle on a layer of bread crumbs and toss it in the broiler until the crumbs are toasted - then using your index finger and thumb, pick up a pinch of mesclun and sit it on the plate next to the mac n cheese bowl - and you have a bistroid expensive art project on a plate.  Seriously? $15 for lunch? It's mac n cheese people!  I also have to call into question the name and theme.  Mad Mex is bistroid Tex Mex.  Soba is bistroid Asian.  Kaya is bistroid Caribbean-ish.  Casbah? Farm Lamb mac n cheese? Sure, I can see this as a box lunch while riding a camel through the desert...not.  I can't say the experience was awful. The company was awesome, and we had a nice unpressured amount of time for fun chat.  The atmosphere was comfortable, and the food was tasty.  But was it all worthy of a return trip or recommendation?  I honestly can't say 'yes' with any kind of cheerleader rave.    I'm not quite sure that I comprehend the mindset of people in this burgh who think paying that kind of money for food is worth it, when honestly, food with just as much flavor can be found in abundance around town for half the price and twice the portion.   Who are all of these easily dupe-able rich people, and where do they come from? Want to blow that kind of money? Get out your check book and let me give you my address!
I'm actually giving it 3.5 stars.  3 for the appetizers and 4 for the entrees.  My wife and I went to Casbah for the first time.  As we usually do, we decided to share our entrees (TIP - you can get half portion sizes of the pastas!!) and augment the meal with a few appetizers.  For the appetizers, we got the chickpea flatbread, the arugula salad and the sea scallops.  The flatbread and salad were just OK.  The sea scallops would have been delicious except for the "cured egg yolk" which was infused in the avacado sauce.  For those who have never tried a cured egg yolk, I would consider yourself lucky.  Actually, the taste wasn't too bad.  The smell, however, reminded me of what you would smell if you were on the set of a nasty version of a Hoarders TV episode.  Must be an acquired taste.  For the main course, we chose the short rib ravioli and the cavatelli.  Both were excellent, especially the ravioli.  No complaints at all.  Overall, a very pleasant experience.  Good atmosphere.  Our waitress was very friendly.  The place was busy and had a nice vibe to it.  Unfortunately, some of the food was a slight disappointment.
Went here for drinks with some friends.    The bar service was definitely interesting.  Some of the time the waitress was really on point and was there ready to take your drink orders, but after the first drink it was really hard to get a second.   I can't speak for the food, but will update my review when I get back to try the food.  Overall my dirty martini was good, though it definitely could have used some better quality olives (these were bottled with the red pepper on the inside used on salads).  I will definitely be back to try the food, but I hope the table service is better than the bar service.
Glad to see that the Big Burrito restaurants are alive and well in Pittsburgh, and dinner tonight was my first time in awhile at one of their establishments.  Bit of a complex review.  My biggest gripe with Casbah is that it's Casbah Mediterranean when the menu (at least on this night, but I don't think it changes all that much) offers very authentic Mediterranean dishes.  One lamb dish (not overly Mediterranean) and no couscous or tagine, which are major staples of Mediterranean cuisine.  Even a side of hummus and pita or veggies would be nice.  Nonetheless, the menu has lots of fine options, just none that I've seen in a typical Mediterranean joint.  I think it's a little misleading especially if you're seeking Mediterranean cuisine.  We sampled several of the cocktails, all of which were creative and well priced.  As for food, we split the bruschetta (prosciutto and blue cheese), meatballs (pork) and the brussel sprouts were quite tasty, beet salad, and the potato gnocchi. So lots of food!  All was freshly prepared with quality ingredients and served with sophisticated presentation.  Lots of fine restaurants opening in the area, but it's clear to see that they have a loyal following.
I don't understand the high rankings of this place and why it consistently gets into Pittsburgh's top 3. The food is rather mediocre for the price. I went there twice, both times paying close to $300 for dinner for 3, but the food really didn't stand up to expectations. Sea scallops that I have ordered last time were burned outside and rubbery and chewy inside. Risotto from my previous try was falling apart. But the most annoying thing is that there is way, way too much food on the plate for fine dining place. The appetizer cheese platter that we ordered last time had enough cheese to last for a week! I don't go to places like that to stuff myself... So no, I do not like it overall. Maybe it is one of those "good enough for Pittsburgh" kind of restaurants, but then maybe they should think about charging a bit less. Unless they charge for quantity, not quality...  Service is okay.
To be honest, I feel that this is one of the most overpriced restaurants in the entire city. The food is average to good, the place is beautiful with outdoor seating, but in my opinion the price is just not worth it. They have a really good happy hour, so I would definitely recommend going to that and maybe trying an appetizer or two.
We went here on a double date of sorts.  My boyfriend and I and my sister and her fiance.   We started with cocktails and a cheese plate. My sister ordered the Watermelon Fizz (Gin drink) and it was super tasty.  My boyfriend ordered the Berry Bourbon, I was jealous, it was divine. I ordered the Boyd and Basil (vodka drink) and it was lovely.  5 stars for beverages done right. The cheese plate was wonderful, it came with 3 different spreads and 5 different cheese, and some prosciutto.  A+! They gave us extra bread and the salted butter and their yogurt butter.  It was amazing and we gobbled it all up. We all ordered the Arugala salad -- it was gorgeous.  (Arugula, house-made pancetta, crimini mushrooms, potatoes, Riverview Farms goat cheese, pancetta vinaigrette ) I ordered the Roasted Gerber Farms Chicken (whole grain mustard grits,greens, fresno peppers, fava & preserved lemon pesto, thyme jus), my sister got the Ricotta Cavatelli, (house-made fennel sausage, spinach,crushed tomatoes, ricotta), her fiance ordered the Grilled Swordfish(Swiss chard, roasted tomato, garlic, chilies, caper, crispy polenta, espelette, Meyer lemon vinaigrette), my boyfriend got the Long Island Duck (roasted breast, braised leg, gnocchi, spinach, lavender, rhubarb, duck jus)  \  My chicken was good, not great and a little flavorless. the mustard grits were superb, the lemon pesto kind of tasted like lemon pledge and really over powered the whole dish, which was really disappointing. My sister ADORES their cavatelli, but this time... it came out cold. She is not one to complain and ate it regardless. Her fiance's swordfish was perfectly prepared and tasted wonderful.  My boyfriends duck was cooked to perfection and all the sides were incredible (so he says).  When desert rolled around I was not interested as I was already so full from the dinner.  My sister ordered a glass off prosecco and Chocolate S'more Cake (toasted marshmallow, salted caramel ice cream,graham crumb) which was deadly! I tried a small bite but since I am not a sweets person it was overpoweringly chocolatey. Her fiance got the Vanilla Bean Crème Brulée (rhubarb chiboust, poached rhubarb, shortbread cookie) which he enjoyed very much. The rest of us opted for coffee's and watching them eat.  Their wine selection is dreamy, their cocktails are perfection in a glass, and their food is absolutely delectable.  I would go back to Casbah at the drop of a hat but I was not completely floored or blown away by any dish.
We had a reservation for Saturday night dinner and arrived timely.  THREE times over 20 minutes the hostess told us they were setting our table.  There were 3 or 4 empty tables we could see as we waited, yet we were not seated. No one was seated at those tables  Not sure what the deal was with the hostess.  Also, she was extremely rude.  However, our server was delightful and the food was delicious.  Too bad the evening started out on the wrong note. Management needs to give some lessons!
Mixed results.  Made a reservation and we were seated in a dark corner at a tiny table. Is the money from having that table worth the negative experience guests will receive? Methinks not.  I had to ask to be moved to the patio, which was much better.  The drinks we ordered from the bar were watery (the Manhattan and some drink with applejack in it). Later, they made a mistake and sent us the wrong cocktail, which turned out to be much better than the ones we wanted.   Appetizers (meatballs with Brussels sprouts and beet salad) were very good, but the main courses left a lot to be desired in terms of seasoning.  The texture of the short rib in the ravioli wasn't quite right, sort of dry, maybe overcooked.  We had a bread pudding for dessert, which was probably the best part of the meal. I expect a better overall experience for the money.
Stopped here for drinks before we went on to dinner elsewhere. In hindsight, we wish we had stayed here. :-)  We had a couple of great beers and just enjoyed the excellent music soundtrack before we moved on to our next designation. I hope to come back here sometime in the future and actually have...a meal. I like this funkier part of town.
I enjoyed my previous experiences at Casbah, but this past weekend was a disappointment. Despite having a reservation well in advance, my husband and I were seated at a horrible table right next to the hallway that leads to the kitchen and bathrooms. There was a constant stream of distractions. Service was also really slow and my sea bass was bland. I expected better from Casbah...
Have I mention I LOVE the Big Burrito group? All I did was confirm that I still wanted to be subscribed to their email list and they sent me a free lunch entree for responding. I decided to use this coupon to try one of their restaurants that I haven't yet. YUM. I decided to go with the Piccola Gusta option, so that I could try a bit of everything. I went with the arugula salad, gnocchi and sword fish sandwich. It was all outstanding. Unfortunately there was a large dark hair in my salad that I noticed immediately (thank goodness) and our waiter took care of it promptly. A lot of times I would let that ruin my experience but I tried very hard to not let it. Anyway, finished the meal with the carrot gob. Again, yum!! Our service after that was just okay. He seemed to kind of forget about us? It was a bit odd. At one point we had no forks for a while with entrees in front of us. I guess I always expect something a little more as far as service when something like a hair accident happens. The food makes this place hands down as long as there isn't hair in it! We sat in the covered indoor porch area which was cute for lunch, but honestly seemed as though they segregated people by their appearance in who sat inside when going in to use the restroom.  Once they work on their service Casbah could easily be 5 stars. Maybe next time!
It's hard to judge and review based on takeout alone, especially at a place with such an atmosphere like Casbah, but here it's goes...  My boss decided to treat us all for lunch so I looked for something that appealed to me. I must admit that the menu scared me at first. It's definitely more of an upscale kind of place, but not quite a "suit & tie" affair. I settled on the bacon and turkey club. Seemed safe.   I didn't think it was anything amazing. Yes, I said it. I've been looking forward to eating here, too! The sandwich was just sort of... plain. The sauces were bland and did nothing for me. It all just seemed very dry. Aside from the tasty bread and bacon, I wasn't too impressed. For a cheaper price, I could have ordered a club sandwich from a mom and pop's greasy spoon and been more satisfied.   I also ordered a salad which consisted of lettuce and beets. Dressing was okay, but a little tangy.   All in all, I'd like to return and actually enjoy a meal in the restaurant. Atmosphere does a lot for a place so a trip back is definitely in order. Also, I'd like to actually study the menu and ask some questions to make sure I can order something good. At work I was a little rushed to make a decision.  Side note - the takeout packaging is awesome. High quality microwaveable/reusable plasticware!
Cashbah has valet parking and nice bathrooms, which are two of the most important things to me when evaluating a nice restaurant in Pittsburgh. The food is fine, but it's a bit fussy for my taste. And the service has never been outstanding, but it's always been fine.
Although we've only had brunch here, I'm not totally sure that we'll be back for dinner service.  Casbah is a whopping .2 miles from home (that's at least a thousand feet!) so while its convenience and accepting of reservations reign high on my list of must-haves, the food left me slightly disappointed.  Considering the price point here, we've dropped a star level or so.  I made reservations for brunch (definitely do this; the place was full when we arrived at noon) and strolled through the patio(?) area to the actual(?) restaurant.  That set up is strange itself; especially with no indication of where I'm headed.  We were quickly seated in close quarters with our other lovely brunch eating brethren.  Service was fine.  We're easy guests, and our waiter was more than tolerant with the +1 having not scoured the menu to make sure he would like something there like I had.  We both opted to go with the prix fixe; with most items hitting the halfway point, 28 bucks seemed great for including an appetizer and cocktail.  My bellini was done right.  Fancy style, making all the schnapps (ha! sorry).  The appetizer of granola with a lil' yogurt that seemed more like cream cheese fatty goodness than the very vanilla yoplait lite I typically let myself have; a sprinkling of berries hit the spot.  Sweet enough for me--maple-y and rich--and didn't even for a second seem like someone poured some Nature Valley in a bowl.  The +1 ordered the cinnamon killed polenta and couldn't get enough.. so I barely got any.  Our entrees though are a different story.  +1 got the mushroom and goat omelet with his little roasted potatoes and his little sausage and his little toast and was all happy enough with it. I am not so easy, I guess.  The brioche French toast sounded great.  Caramelized pear! Sold!  I received, next to a large, meaty chicken sausage link, a few small pieces of fruit and one slice of French toast.  How is that a thing?  Maybe this is the husky child in me, but I was not expecting one slice.  Luckily with the prix fixe, there was no way I would have been able to eat more than one, but really.  If I had only ordered that at some double-digit menu price, I would not be a happy camper.  Overall, really, it was fine.  The food was actually better than I make it sound; it just didn't hit the expectations everyone had set for me.  The hungry girl me will always require more than one slice of sugar bread.  Curiosity of dinner with reservations might bring me back if I don't want to make the trek elsewhere with February arctic conditions again, maybe.
We went to Casbah this past Saturday.   It is my birthday month and Big Burrito offers a great deal for anyone who is on their mailing list, providing their patrons with a free entrée up to $30.00 at any of their locations beside Umi.  I chose Casbah since I have been to all of them but this one.  Our reservations were early at 5pm on a Sunday.  We arrived seated quickly in their outside seating area, which is very nice.  We were brought some water while we reviewed the menu.  I decided to start with a Manhattan to drink.  It was very nice, and strong.  Next we decided to order.  Earlier I looked online at their menu and I decided I would be ordering either the Cioppino, littleneck clams, mussels, shrimp, scallops, halibut, grilled sourdough -32 or their Long Island Duck, roasted breast, braised leg, gnocchi, spinach, lavender, peaches, duck jus- 29.  I have had the duck dish at Soba before and loved it, but I wanted to try the Cioppino despite that, since I also love seafood and shellfish.  This I would discover was a mistake.  My partner got the Pork Chop dinner.  We placed our orders and waited.  During our wait they brought some bread.  It was a nice touch; the bread was warm and served with two types of spreads.  By the time our entrées came I wanted another drink and asked for Boyd and Basil - 10 Boyd & Blair vodka, fresh lemon, basil, soda, Angostura bitters, this was one of their signature cocktails.  So we began to eat.  The scallops in the dish were excellent.  Perfect sear and seasoned, as well as the shrimp.  The tiny piece of halibut in the dish and I mean tiny, was so overcooked.  I choked it down but completely unappealing and tiny.  The sauce in this fish soup was also not that great.  The dish came with bread to soak up the juices but the bread itself was burnt and hard.  It actually hurt my mouth to bite it and that was after dipping it in the juices.  I was going to ask for more bread, hold the burn, but our server had not come back.  So I finished the meal and said forget it.    At this point the drink I ordered was still not delivered.  I was done eating and had to use the restroom so I told my husband if he came back without my drink to tell him forget it and just bring the check.  When I got back to the table that was indeed what happened.  Except he told him he was sorry and if we ordered dessert he would comp my drink.  So when he finally returned, he ordered the Chocolate Cheese Cake Bombe, Pinotage syrup & whipped cream, hazelnuts, praline ice cream, gastrique, when the waiter asked me I simply said no thank you, can I just have the drink I ordered?  He brought dessert and my drink and explained it was "on the house, and it was their/his fault."  No biggy really, I was way more annoyed with my meal.  I think what really bothered me was one, how small the entrée was.  It was more suited to be a lunch portion in my opinion.  And then how much it was, but I did have the coupon so I guess I can't complain that much about that.  Simply put if I had spent $32.00 on the meal I got I would have been very upset.  Lastly, the halibut was so overcooked and dry, same with the toast, and the sauce wasn't that pleasant.  All in all I wish I would have gone with the duck.  Live and learn.
Casbah was alright, but nothing really popped. Had the bruchetta which was a overly creamy and sweet, without enough of an acidic element to cut through the creaminess. The tuna tartare was acceptable rather one note, tuna itself was too unimpressive on its own for such an unadulterated plating. the goats milk gnutti were legitimately good, the best part of the meal really, had a lot of flavors playing off each other very well. The scallop/crab pasta entree was good, but the noodles in mine were a bit more toothsome than al dente. The sauce was lacking depth of flavor. The scallops were very well cooked, but they were just good scallops, just what any chef should be able to do really. The Chilean seabass was not anything special, sauce lacked depth. The vegetable salad with it was neat, especially the radishes, which lost their strong peppery element in a good way.   In all, Casbah was a disappointment. Its a high dining Mediterranean place, but accomplishes neither very well. If I really hadn't been exposed to some of the good places to eat in Pittsburgh and elsewhere, I might be more impressed. But alas, my standards are admittedly high. But honestly, for the money, there are better places to go.  Also, if the owner happens to read this, your gas radiant heaters in the front dining area are ducted wrong. Your air intake is pulling from the dining area, which creates a cold draft coming from the outside walls/windows. You need to have someone duct your intake air to the outside to prevent this, it will make the room much more comfortable and save you money on heating.
I went to Casbah for the first time a couple years ago and remembered not being too happy with my experience. I decided to give it another shot, and I'm very happy with my decision to do so.   Last night I arrived to Casbah around 9:15. The kitchen closes at 10:00 so we were fine. The male at the host stand seemed pretty irritated that we were just arriving but it wasn't like I was walking in at 9:55. We opted to sit inside because it was a little chilly. He the two of us down at a table against the wall in the very back. It was tiny and cramped and not too mention very poor lighting. Almost felt like I was punished to that table? So I asked our server to be moved to another table in the restaurant.   We served some bread and sea salt butter. In my opinion, the bread was nothing special. I had a few bites and didn't finish much just because I wanted to save room for the more important dishes. We were also served some type of Greek yogurt for the bread but that combination didn't sound appetizing to me.   I ordered a 3 cheese selection option as an appetizer. I regret it a little bit now just because I was served the same bread. I added the prosciutto for an extra $4 and it was very good. I picked the first 3 cheeses on the menu (forget exactly what they were). I would have like the server to tell me which cheese was which, but I enjoyed them nonetheless.   In addition I also had the Charred Spanish rock octopus which was the highlight of the entire meal. I highly recommend it.   I had the Casbah (signature, as I was told) double-cut pork chop. This cut was very large and I ended up taking most of it to go. The rice was phenomenal, especially the rice that was under the meat. It had absorbed the flavors from the meat.   Finally, I decided on the pistachio cannoli. I had a tough time deciding between that and the chocolate pot de creme. The flavor seemed to be a little off and I think i would have like the filling to be a bit sweeter.  I also opted for the Greek dessert wine pairing, which they only able to serve me half a glass because they ran out. It ended up being free, so I didn't mind.   My server was very knowledgeable about the menu and was able to explain things very clearly. However, I HATE when servers go take a smoke break and then leave my table smelling like an ashtray. Off putting as I was eating my cannoli dessert.   Pretty good experience, but could have been amazing.
Food is tasty, though portions are for the waifish hipster types. Location is inconvenient and I would not recommend people walking by themselves at night on that stretch of Penn. Service is very uneven i.e. bad, even when the place is practically dead. I can't really speak on the coffee, though they do have good tissanes(however getting them to refill your hot water is another thing).  ************** Okay I won't change my rating, but I take back what I said about the food. They have changed the menu and it is really bad.   We had Buffalo Tofu sticks which were ridiculously dry.   I had the Thai Peanut Tofu Wrap which tasted just like peanut butter.   I don't understand the point of Mockamole? It's made with peas instead of avocado.   How to describe the food... it's as if they took pictures of how food should look and made the food without thinking about how food should taste. Gee peas are green, just like avocados??   I would go there for coffee/tea or whatever to hang out, but not for the food.   Okay there was one decent thing on the menu which was the artichoke dip. I was completely disappointed.
pretty good veggie food.  I've had breakfast, lunch, and dinner here.  French toast, tofu scramble, museli, salads, sandwiches, lasagna.  They have a pretty decent variety.
Every time I visit QS I hope for a better experience, but continue to receive poor service and ok food.  I always get the feeling that the wait staff does not want you to be there. It is never friendly. It seems cold.  Food is ok, but often taste old and like it has been reheated multiple times....ugh.   I really wish they would put a lil' more effort into customer service!
This place is so hit-or-miss for me. Sometimes the food is amazing; sometimes it is terrible. Example: I ordered the spicy peanut wrap for the first time and fell in love with it. I came back a couple weeks later, and it was bland and unappetizing. Maybe there is someone who works in the kitchen who doesn't know where the spice rack is-- I don't know.  The 'waitstaff' is hit-or-miss, too. Sometimes, they're great. Other times, I've waited for ages just for a menu. One guy actually snapped at me for asking for a breakfast item at lunch.   That said, there are some good dishes, like the Black & Gold. I like that in some dishes you can replace rice with salad. A lot of people I've eaten with here have raved about the quesadillas. There's a nice laid back atmosphere and fun retro diner decor. There's also an extensive (but expensive) drinks menu with milkshakes, teas and coffee drinks, and a nice selection of locally-made vegan sweets and pastries. And I love the magazine and book rack, even though the magazines are usually two years old. Still fun to read.
Remember the days of bands in the back at night, and interesting kids hanging out at the bar all day? Well, the bands were the first to go, followed quickly by the comfy sofas. The kids didn't take long to leave, and now, years later, faced with a frankly less-than-appetizing Saturday menu, I find that the ability to substitute something else for the increasing amounts of potato filler is gone, too.  Quiet Storm used to be a straight five star. My last experience was honestly two-star, but nostalgia and history don't allow me to give it less than a three.  I'm sure all the changes over the years have been in the name of efficiency, but they've come at expense to the clientele. Here's hoping Quiet Storm rediscovers the mojo (and the menu) that once made them great.
A nice, cheap place to get your vegetarian/vegan eat on.  Brunch is always nice and the specialty coffee drinks are fun to look through, if only for the names, meanwhile, you'll be eating off melamine and drinking from odd glasses; but, the food is great for the price and someone has to employ all the hipsters on penn ave.
(I'm 29 and have been a vegetarian for 17 years) For vegetarian food in Pittsburgh, I say this place is aces. But compared to the many other veggie restaurants I've been to in this past, this place is average. It's really hit and miss with their dishes. When at a veggie place, I usually try to change it up each time I go to keep my diet varied. This has proven to be a little difficult at Quiet Storm because it seems every other time I get something I don't like. Apple Panini is amazing. Nachos are great! Curry wasn't spicy enough. Grits runny. Milkshakes YUM! I feel like the cooks don't have a good handle on cooking tofu there. Different dishes require tofu to be cooked for different lengths of time and it different sauces, and it has always tasted bizarre when I get it there. Sometimes its not pressed and cooked long enough. Sometimes its dried out! How can tofu get dried out? This is coming from someone who LOVES tofu. I can eat silken tofu straight out of the package with a little soy sauce and sugar. If you have spent anytime in Portland, Oregon... the atmosphere in this place is very Portland. Outdoorsy hipster cafe style. It's loud, but I couldn't imagine it another way. They also have pinball, which is awesome. We haven't taken advantage of this, but they do have board games and books available as well.
We stopped by Quiet Storm for a late lunch while on vacation in Pittsburgh.  The food was excellent.  I had the cheese steak and my husband had a peanut tofu wrap, both were served with chips.  Everything was great.  If I had any complaint it would be that I didn't see on the menu that my cheese steak had mayo on it.  I'm not a big fan of it, so had I see that I would have asked for it without.  Other then that great place!
Daniel Fast friendly restaurant with good food. Stopped for an early supper before Saturday night church service after searching Yelp for vegan restaurant options. Food was good, service was good, price was very reasonable. Think I just found a new Saturday evening supper spot.
My experience has been ok at the Quiet Storm because I have 1) not deviated much from my usual menu choice (Original Home Fries = delicious) and 2) I have often known several members of the wait staff at any given time.  This has given me reason to continue eating at Quiet Storm on occasion.  Negatives... I have eaten with several others over the years who have been wholly dissatisfied with their meals (small portions, not enough seasonings, could taste baking soda flavor in baked goods, etc). Service can be a little slow at times. And I have been burned a few times when going out of my way (it is a little off the beaten path for many) to score some delicious Home Fries only to find that the QS had inexplicably closed early.  Despite this, FOR PITTSBURGH, the QS is a good spot for vegan/vegetarian fare.
So when we first went here for brunch, I had no idea it was a vegetarian restaurant.  That's an unpleasant prospect to face down after a hard night of drinking, which is the only time the idea of brunch ever occurs to me.  But then, the grim Spectre of Laziness appeared to me and asked, "Do you really want to drive to another place?  Just look at you. Your wearing the same shirt that you wore yesterday dude."    The Spectre of Laziness is a dick, but he was also right.  And to my surprise, nothing I had was bad at all.  For brunch options, meat eaters will find that potatoes and eggs are the cornerstone of any breakfast, and seitan substitutions are not as bad as say, having the grim Spectre of Laziness point out your slovenly appearance.    I think the biggest surprise in this place is that, though nothing is particularly jarring to the palate, there is nothing that really stands out as being amazing.  In Yelp terms: it's kind of a 3.  For hard core vegetarians having a night, er, mid-afternoon on the town, it's probably a blessed change from the meat based culture that Pittsburgh is pretty famous for.  But I'm willing to wager that very meat eaters will become converted to vegetarians after this.  Maybe they did TOO good of a job substituting meat items.  That being said, we did make it back another time for lunch where I had a vegetarian gyro.  My friend said it best: "What's the fucking point?"  The service is always very sweet, but both times the waiters have been curiously, nay ominously spacey.  Even when it wasn't crowded there had to be some substantial flag downs and polite and doleful eye contact before they would do what you needed.  If you're in the area and looking for...this type of thing, you really don't have too many other options so just eat it.
Despite my 3-star rating, I think I will be coming back here again to give it a second try.  I got the smashed potatoes with seitan, cheese, and aioli.  The first bite was OK--the aioli didn't quite suit my taste, but everything else worked pretty well together.  However, 20 some-odd bites in to the dish, the flavors were getting repetitive and the mushy texture started to gross me out.  I got about half-way through eating the dish and the so-so aioli became too much for me.  I couldn't take another bite.  However, my wife's apple panini was delicious.  I would probably eat a few of those if I came back.  The cream cheese, cinnamon (from the bread?), and apple all worked together in glorious harmony.  On a strange note, while we were eating, some camera guys came in and started setting up what looked to be an interview.  We asked the staff what was going on.  Apparently someone was filming their submission/application to be on a reality show.  "Oh cool," we thought.  "What reality show?" we asked.  "Not sure, something on the Golf Channel," they replied.  HAHAHAHA!  I thought watching grass growing on TV was boring enough.  Now they're making a reality show about it.  In the end,  the gross aioli was inexcusable to me.  Otherwise, I'd probably go 4 stars.   I still plan to come back and give it another shot.
I really wanted to write a positive review for the Quiet Storm.   My boyfriend and I have been going here for years, and always had a great experience - tasty food (we're both not huge meat eaters, but not vegetarians either), great service (one waitress recognizes us, and always goes out of her way to say hi) and nice atmosphere (definitely NOT a hipster myself, but never felt uncomfortable or like I was sticking out).   Unfortunately, the recent menu and more importantly price changes have made this go from a regular weekend brunch place to only a special-occasion place. The menu went from 2 pages to just 1 (still good food though - try the grits!) and the prices went up to $12-ish before tax. It's not completely unreasonable, but just enough for this to stop being a regular place for us. I still enjoy the food and atmosphere, but don't really think it's worth the money.
I came into Quiet Storm not intending to have lunch, but just a latte and hang out to answer some emails for a little while (working from home makes me stir crazy, so bouncing around local coffeehouses, completely NOT fitting in with the crowd kinda makes my day sometimes).   I walked up to the bar and was just going to grab a seat there, but super hipster server guy asked me to take a table, because it had an outlet to plug my laptop in. I didn't need to, but  ... good lookin' out.   Anyway, ordered my latte - good espresso, but pretty weak foam. Served in a pint glass. That's fine.   Menu actually looked really good, so I went for a sammy with apples, seitan sausage crumbles, and cheese. They offer different sides, but my super hipster server guy didn't ask me what I wanted; so being a newbie I figured maybe that was only with certain menu items. I was wrong, when the guy taking care of the table behind me was asked what he wanted. My fault for not speaking up. Sandwich was good, not to die for though, and frankly kinda small for $8.   I'll finish with this: Internets are free, right? So, where's the code? Did I need to ask?? I'll definitely go back though, intrigued by a few other things on the menu (like bbq tenders and pulled 'pork' quesadilla), and hopefully be a little more impressed.
Food was great--- vegetarian burrito stuffed with mac and cheese???? yes please.  Also had a great pot of tea, and a bangin' white chocolate hazelnut banana milkshake.  It's a really cute place, too. however, the owner was seriously rude to me and my fellow guests when we asked to split a check (which they state on the menu is allowed).  Not even passive aggressive- straight up aggressive for something that was not our fault.  so that was a sour end to my experience at Quiet Storm. but my belly was satisfied.
I don't think I would have known about Quiet Storm if it hadn't popped up several times in friends' Yelp feeds in the last couple years.  I'm all about veg/vegan restaurants, but I have to agree with other reviewers who wish Quiet Storm's food was *slightly* more interesting.    Husband and I ordered take-out so we could enjoy a late lunch al fresco at Schenley Park overlook.  Folks working were vegan-hipster quirky, but friendly and helpful.  We ended up waiting about 30 minutes for our food, so we decided to partake in an afternoon coffee to pass the time.  I  had an iced Morroccan latté with cardamom and rose,  husband the Mandorla sweet almond milk latté.  Both were excellent.  For my meal I picked the Tahini Bowl with brown rice, spinach, roasted red pepper, tomatoes, pepitas and fried tofu cutlet with a tahini dressing.  I wished there had been less rice and more dressing; the bowl was also screaming for more seasoning.  Husband opted for the Crunch Wrap Extreme: scrambled tofu tossed with celery, carrots, edamame, kale and spinach, dressed with vegan wasabi mayo.  Again, twice as much dressing would have added flavor and moisture to an otherwise fine wrap.  And that's just it: the food at Quiet Storm is fine.  When really, I'd been hoping to be utterly wowed by the magic capable of being worked by nothing more than mere vegetables, plain grains and humble legumes.  Still, I won't discourage you from eating here.  I just might come back myself.
The food at the Quiet Storm is usually excellent and unique. It has lots of options for vegetarians and vegans, and their specialty drinks (coffee, tea, milkshakes, etc.) are very tasty! However, the service is so poor. I have been there probably about 6 times, and each time there is an issue. The waitstaff usually seems confused and doesn't appear to care about the customer very much. There has never been a time where I've eaten there and had my order come out correctly. It's either wrong, or something was forgotten. There's also usually not an apology. Today our waiter forgot numerous things (why don't they just write the order down?) and even gave us the bill for another table! As much as I enjoy their food, I will say that I'm getting tired of the service being so inadequate.
Ordered delivery here with coworkers the other evening.  I ordered an appetizer or what I thought was an appetizer.  The portion size was amazing that I had some to take home with me to snack on.  I only ordered the bread sticks, but they were amazing.  Hand made, baked and topped with oil and Parmesan cheese.  Comes with a side of marinara sauce for dipping and I was very pleased.  The reason for the three stars was the time it took for delivery.  I believe from the timed the order was called in, it took over a hour to have the food show up.  Not so good.
I called for a delivery of a pepperoni pizza, large. Very simple since I was in the mood for it. The delivery and the time taken were exceptional. Very fast, very good delivery service.   The down side is the pizza. It was hot and fresh, but the flavor was just OK. It wasn't the best nor was it the worst. It was just OK.  If you do find that you like your pizza and need a quick delivery, you can't go wrong here. Other than that you may want to look elsewhere.
calzone was good, ricotta was xlnt, also had buffalo fries, arrived soggy - perhaps they should bake/appeared to be deep-fried   delivery was right at what they told me when I ordered, they're always good with service   I've had various pizzas as well, I'd order from here again, not exceptional but always tasty, on-time and good service, I'd give 3.5 if I could
Working weekend shifts at work are kind of annoying, but the perks can be sweet! One being free lunch! This previous weekend my boss bought us lunch from Pizza Perfecta.   After ordering pizza at home twice that week (we DID NOT feel like cooking), I decided to go with a grilled chicken salad. Meh. I'm not saying it was bad, but it wasn't really that great either. I thought they could have dressed it up some more. It was loaded with (too much) cheese and it melted due to the fries being warm, making the top of the salad kind of gross. Underneath the melted cheese was the lettuce, tomatoes, onions and cucumber. I guess this is all standard for a salad, but it really just didn't impress me. Plus, I thought the chicken tasted pre-cooked which should be a big no-no for restaurants. One perk, however, was the size as it was pretty big! However, for $8.00, I felt it was a little steep.   I also had a slice of pizza (I can't resist pizza) and it was comparable to any other pizza shop.   Service is very good, though! I placed the order and the employee I spoke with was very friendly. They had it delivered in time as well.   I'm not complaining because it was a free lunch, but I would never order myself.
This was not the best pizza. We got delivery and it could have been warmer when it arrived. The flavor was ok. Not sure if I would order from them again. There are many other options for getting pizza, but not all of them deliver.
Pizza Perfectta bailed my pregnant friend, her husband, and I out a few weeks ago when we were all HANGRY on a Friday night.  Their online ordering system was easy to follow, and we quickly placed an order for a large pepperoni pizza ($12.59 special) for pick-up.  We were quoted a wait time of 15 minutes.  We picked up the pizza at exactly fifteen minutes.  It clearly had been sitting for a bit because it was already cold by the time we got home.  The pizza was just OK.  There was plenty of pepperoni but practically no cheese.  The crust was decent, but it just wasn't a memorable pizza.  The biggest issue here is that there is no close by street parking so it is a big pain to pick up food here.  We probably won't return since parking is such an issue.
Fast delivery! Food was still warm when it arrived, which is always a plus when ordering delivery.  I got the special - Large pizza & a dozen wings. I paid the $2.29 extra for a pepperoni topping. Fair amount of cheese & pepperoni on the entire pizza. Crust isn't too crunchy, nor too soft. I got the garlic parm and buffalo sauce ($1 each) for my wings - they put all the wings in garlic parm and gave me a side of buffalo sauce. I'm not sure how that made sense. Also, no ranch or dipping sauce even though it was requested.    Overall, an okay to decent pizza place that delivers. *$1 delivery fee*
Not bad. Ordered a ham and cheese pizza for delivery. Arrived lukewarm but tasted decent enough. Won't have a hankerin' for this place but would order from them again if need be.
This is a good co-op for Pittsburgh, stocking up on local items and friendly staff. However, I was surprised at the teeny tiny amount of fresh food. My normal experience with co-ops includes massive amounts of produce, dairy, baked goods, and meats. Not here though; instead it's like a co-op in miniature. Even the mozzarella I was looking for came only in tiny olive-sized balls. Don't get me wrong - I fully support the existence of a co-op, especially in an area like the East End, but to be honest, I think a trip to the Strip District would be much more productive shopping-wise.
This is sort of a niche place for me. It's a bit too expensive for the average person, I think (and yes i understand that it's a co-op, etc. but it doesn't change that it's probably middle to upper class prices by comparison), but it does offer some deals. It's the best place to buy spices because they're sold in bulk, and if you want to try something new or only need a little for a recipe, you don't have to buy a whole bottle. There is an entire aisle of spices, spice blends and dried herbs, so there is a lot to choose from. It's also great to buy a little at a time because you can make sure your spices are always fresh. Same goes for the bulk food bins, though probably half of them are the 9,000 flavors of granola they stock.  The salad bar has great variety. The hot food bar, not so much. It runs out quickly, and it's too easy to run up a high tab if the good stuff is weighty. I'm not a fan of most of the packaged fresh food in the deli case. The stuffed grape leaves are not good, and a lot of the other things seem sort of bland to me.  There's an extensive vitamins and supplements section, with pretty much any herbal supplement you'd want. The produce section is expensive, but almost always very fresh.
The products and service are great, but the prices are outrageous!  I am on a vegan diet and have found this co-op really helpful. If you can get past the prices, the selection is great!
This was a really interesting adventure.   Initially, I wasn't too impressed with the produce section where it was pretty limited and only some of the fruits were worth buying. The self serve section was enormous and definitely worth checking out! There are a few things here that you may not find anywhere else.   My interest in the food there was a little curbed by the prices which you could easily beat at  a regular grocery store. However, the raw milk and goat milk there was an interesting find though!   It's a bit out of the way but if I'm ever near bakery square I would definitely drop by!
Over all I like it, but its not going to be my main grocery run.   I like having all the organic options, especially for the produce, beans and grains. I hate the parking situation, and their prices are significantly higher than I expect, even for organic.
This co-op is probably great for vegans and vegetarians, but I am Paleo.  I was very happy to find grassfed butter, raw milk, and cheese at reasonable prices.  The bulk foods section was missing a few mainstay items I typically pick up, and the meat selection was very poor.  I would like to see a better listing of which meat is grass fed and grass finished, as many of the farms in the frozen meat section did not have any of that information.  For my future needs, I will be ordering directly from the farm (this co-op sells items from the farm that I will be direct ordering from) at a lower price and will fill in the gaps elsewhere.
One of the things I miss since moving to Bloomfield from Regent Square is being within walking distance to the Co-Op. It's the perfect neighborhood market and though on the smaller side they carry just about anything you need. Love the food bar and freshly made beverages. All natural all good.
I have been going to CJ since it opened. I try to go once a week. I have received some good deals there, but in the past couple years, the prices seem to be higher than they should be for used / overstock items. I find myself buying less items than I used to. I think if the prices were more reasonable, they would sell more. A new "reuse" store has opened in the area nearby. They have more reasonble prices and thier building is heated.
Very primitive bouldering area, but the routes were challenging, in part due to the lack of a smearable surface (plywood kinda painted to look like rocks),  mega shitty footholds (jibs worn down to shiny scummy nubs that sorely needed cleaning or replacing), and a distinct lack of fall-friendliness (one old mat to be shared among every 3 or 4 walls, and an unforgiving floor that thudded every time someone landed on it).  Not a bargain for a $12 day pass since the routes did not seem to have been changed very often and all climbs shared the same foot jibs which looked practically permanent. The changing room was literally a closet.  All that griping aside, there were some decent climbs. The V3's were fairly easy but the V3/V4's were exponentially harder. I was able to do one V4/V5, but my butt was royally kicked on everything else. No ego boosts here, and the masochist in me awards 3 stars to this old school climbing gym.
PROS - Tons of space and tons of gentle-ish climbs for the beginner/novice/padawan. Looots of V0, VB, V1, V2s... I think the hardest I saw was a V7. I don't boulder much more than a V2, and I found a lot of fun, challenging courses. It wore me out, but I felt like a superstar. (My local climbing gym is a lot harder.) That was great! - They offer to play your music! I always appreciate that in a gym. It's cool to hear other people's tastes, it's cool to let my tastes get some air, and indeed one tires of the alt 90s Pandora station. - That said, I did feel some Interpol-sounding pixie dust bewitch my ear drums. And I appreciate that. I always appreciate being able to rock out/feel cool while simultaneously lunging for the next hold. - $16 for a day pass and shoes was not terrible. It wasn't great, either, but it wasn't terrible. (And what's in between a pro and a con?) - Easy parking.   CONS - A lot of the walls felt way too tall to be lacking a top rope. I'd guess some of the tallest walls were 10 ft. - and, dude, falling 10 feet on a (bouncy) floor is still super dangerous, especially if you fall in between a Tarzan lunge (and thus, awkwardly). They had a few mats which were "strategically positioned" and thus couldn't be moved, but even with those under me, I didn't feel so good. They felt little thicker than a down comforter. Dude, come on! I didn't break my neck, but my muscles were all a-trembly, my hands slick with sweat, and it was sheer terror that often kept me from lunging (Tarzan-style) to the next hold. I had to give up on a few climbs just because I didn't feel safe! And that is very lame. I would have felt a LOT safer if the 6+ ft. walls were just top rope-able, or if they bought some bigger, thicker mats and let people drag them around. A free helmet's not gonna help much if you land on your shoulder! - I saw a kid wandering around who looked adorable, pubescent and a little intimidated. It seemed like his first time. It broke my heart, 'cuz he seemed to have gotten frustrated after trying a few of the climbs and not being able to get very far. I think he left after not very long. Does the gym offer kids classes? Or one-on-one instruction, especially if the person's totally new and under 15 or something? It just seemed like such a shame; I'd hate to have a kid get sour on climbing just because they had an awkward first time! People need to be taught this stuff! (To an extent.) - $2 for the privilege of chalk. Seriously?  So, overall, I'm happy to have found a decent wall for my visit to da burgh, but I don't know if I would be happy living with it as my only go-to.
This is the only bouldering facility within the city of Pittsburgh and mostly I appreciate that we have one at all! I do really enjoy going here and go at least once a week. I go mostly in the evenings, where the crowd is primarily a young adult group and you rarely see children.  I've been climbing a bit longer than I had been when I first wrote this review, but I still give it 3 stars. If I could give it a 2.5 I might give it that.  The bourldering room is pretty big and there are lots of routes at a variety of levels, distributed more of less so that each wall has something for everyone. In the evenings it gets uncomfortably crowded, and has gotten worse in the past few years as the sport has seemed to get more and more popular. What gets me the most is that in the 2 years or so that I've been going here, very little has changed. Meanwhile, I've been exploring gyms all over the country that are expanding, have textured rather than plywood walls so you can actually smear, and have incorporated things like yoga and weight rooms into their memberships. Why can't Pittsburgh have that?  I hope one day the climbing wall will step up to try and become one of the more progressive gyms you see on the west coast, or that someone else moves a gym into the city that will up the ante.  In the mean time, this place will do.
I'm giving this the ok rating, I am not an experienced climber but a beginner. The last climb I went out was a real one in Utah with my brother who got me all harnessed up only to instruct me to place my foot and hand level with my head and pull myself up . You can imagine how that went with my golden retriever feverish barking and running below instructing my brother to let me down lol.  So for a beginner I found the price to be ok I went with a group and paid 16$ for shoe rental and I guess climbing fee? We stayed for about two hours. We went on a Saturday it was very crowded probably 15-30 people in the place but there are so many choices you can still get a wall. There were several beginner climbs that are easy for anyone with a shred of upper body strength. Then some V2 and V3 and V4, the other beginner gals I was climbing with found there was a pretty big variation from the VB to V2 on some of the climbs. So sometimes it was better just not to follow the stickers completely if you're a beginner but still looking for variation while bouldering.   I think safety-wise things are bit of a liability here, walls are high, mats are very old and very few. Also lots of people don't follow the basic rules including teenagers who are there alone. So be cautious of your space an d others space and consider fatigue when getting to the top of those walls with your hands all sweaty.   I also expected it to be a little larger based on the website photos, but I understand that this is Pittsburgh not a city with room for a huge gym like out west. I also think if they were to build a bigger newer gym here with higher climbs, then you would be looking at paying $25 and up.   My biggest complaint is that you can only do lessons at certain times with a harness, this makes it harder for beginners to get in and get a feel. I did complete one or two V7 or V8. Just to push myself but I would have had more fun if I had the support of a rope so the next time I go back I will consider classes. Which costs a little bit more but oh well. Class times are limited check the website.
It's a bit silly to review TCW, as it is basically the only game in town for rock climbing.  That said, I've been climbing here at least twice a week for the last few months. It's not as large, and the walls aren't as high-tech as other places I've climbed, but the setters make good use of what's available.  Both the bouldering and top-roping routes seem to be re-set at just about the right rate -- there are always new-ish routes, but the turnover isn't so fast that one can't work on problems for a few successive visits.  I would love to see the walls refreshed in a cement faux-rock style, with more flowing curves and less strict geometry. (Also, plywood is slippery! Makes it hard to smear.)
Dirty slick holds. Hate the fact I can't move mats. Some problems were fun, some were awful. The staff is very unfriendly. Unless you're part if the clique no one will talk to you.
Admittedly, I am spoiled as I've been in Denver for the past 6 years where we have many climbing gyms to choose from. So my opinion is a little biased.   If you are into bouldering, The Climbing Wall is awesome. There is a HUGE bouldering room with tons of problems.   Bouldering, though, is not my jam. I love climbing. The climbing space is much smaller than bouldering and, compared to the gyms in Colorado, much shorter routes (5-8 moves to the top, 15-30 ft). There are ~30-40 routes that are changed regularly; rating of these routes are Easy+/- (5.5-5.7), Mod+/- (5.8-5.9), and Hard+/- (5.10+).   Can't be too disappointed, though, because I was actually pleasantly surprised there was even a climbing gym here!
Cool atmosphere,  decent food - and love BYOB! Entrees weren't out of this world, but would recommend the goat cheese appetizer, it was my favorite thing of the night.
When I entered, I was ready to wow-ed. It was my kind of place -- BYO, shabby-chic decor intimate setting, condensed menu, and a waitress with an accent. But our food didn't live up to my expectations.   The Portuguese bread served before our meal was crusty, warm, and special -- a cross between a French loaf and cornbread. Unfortunately, things went down hill from here. The highly recommended goat cheese and phyllo dough tart was too rich and too mild, The pears didn't give enough sweetness and there wasn't any salt. So, it was just creamy. Plain and creamy.    Between us we had three entrees. The salmon was my favorite of the three. It was an interesting preparation and well done. But, nothing special. The monk fish special was too sweet for my taste and a bit tough. (I don't want to have to use a knife to cut my fish.) I appreciated the homemade pasta and delicate flavors of the ravioli, but it was just too bland. A bit of salt or spicy or something would have been nice.   I may come back to try the burger, but no more $25 disappointing entrees for me.
Recently dined here for the first time and can say that I was pleased with all of the food choices we had made at this establishment. The cold prickly pear soup was certainly a good choice of appetizer. The service was acceptable and the staff very welcoming. The only downside to this place is the atmosphere. It can get extremely loud at times (especially when you are sitting next to a party of 12) and it becomes rather difficult to have any table conversation.
This place is just lovely! When you walk in, it's inviting and cozy. You'd never know it was an old garage. Plus, it's BYOB, so that's always a perk. Let's add in super friendly service, and it's a wine, I mean win.   I had high hopes, especially with how much I loved the ambiance. I love tomato bisque, so I was excited to dive into that for a first course, but it was very strangely thin. When you imagine bisque, you imagine heavy cream used, but I believe it was broth based. I just wasn't digging it.   But then our starter came out, a goat cheese-stuffed puff pastry, and it was divine! Things were looking up! It was a delicious mix of cheese, plus light and airy puff pastry that we gobbled up.   Me and a friend split two main courses; the Butternut Squash Ravioli with Pumpkin Coulis and the lamb burger with fontina and caramelized onions. I love lamb and I love squash, so this was the perfect splitting combo. I was pretty bummed when the lamb burger, while good lamb, didn't give off a lot of flavor. Which was surprising considering it also had caramelized onions, which usually pack a flavorful punch. The butternut squash ravioli also didn't offer the flavors imagines. Mostly it was the sauce that seemed to fall flat with this dish.   There was a sweet ending my friends, this cute little mason jar filled with layers of fresh raspberries, cream and Portuguese cookies was an amazing finish. I only wish everything had been equally as amazing.  I still feel like I'm not done with Cafe Zinho, so hopefully the next visit will be all wines, er wins!
The food was innovative yet underwhelming. The ambiance was causal and quaint but not something I would recommend or choose to do again. Parking was hassle, a reservation is necessary and make sure to not show early. There is no space to wait unless you don't mind sitting outside. I typically wouldn't but as the weather begins to turn it becomes increasingly difficult to enjoy the outdoors. It seems that breakfast or brunch could be a smashing hit here but after my dinner, which I was so looking forward to, I'm not positive that I'm prepared to put this adventure at the top of my list.
Ehhhh. I can't put my finger on why I'm not feeling this place. I just wasn't into the whole vibe. The appetizer (tomato, mozzarella, white anchovies) was super cold, like they had made a bunch and stuck them in the fridge. My fish was done well, but I didn't love the sauce or the presentation. My husband's burger was done well too, but also just a little flat. These dishes just didn't excite me when they came to the table. Couple this with the Coca Cola glasses and the rickety chair.... we left feeling just kind of blah about the whole experience.
The Frick Car and Carriage Museum is interesting and fun. They play very informative short films in a screening room and the docents there are very friendly, helpful people. The Car and Carriage Museum is very well worth going to. And the amazing part is that is free.   The Frick Art Museum is not really that interesting or great. There is hardly anything of note. As far as I can see, Helen Frick had way more money than taste and money can't buy you taste. When J.P. Morgan died, he donated his entire art collection to the Met in New York. However the Met did not want everything. Helen Frick bought many pieces that the Met had already passed on, with good reason. Of course not all of the Frick Art collection consists of the Met's castoffs. There many portraits of insignificant nobility done by French court painters who had little talent. Just bec. art is old or expensive, doesn't mean it's really any good. It's a good thing this museum is free.
It's free, and the car & carriage museum has a Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost.  We skipped the house tour ($10), the cafe, and the art museum.   It was still worth visiting just for the old cars.
Very nice home and grounds.  I could not exactly say I am a fan of the owner or how he earned his money but I did appreciate how original the house and belongings are and how beautiful the grounds and buildings are.   Can you say Johnstown flood?  How about the Homestead strike?  Celebrating the extreme wealth of few on the backs of a billion who worked 16 hour days for nothing isn't exactly something I really love to do but I can appreciate beautiful art and architecture of which there is plenty to see here.  We toured Clayton (the home), art museum, conservatory and the car and carriage museum.  The conservatory didn't have a lot of impressive specimens and was far from full but is a great building.  Be sure to earmark about 4 hours for the whole experience including, perhaps, a pricey but tasty snack at the cafe (make a reservation).  We had a really nice time and I do recommend a visit if you are here so you can not only see some great furnishings but so that you may learn some of the history of the economy here.  After all, we shouldn't turn our backs on the reality of our collective history lest we make the same mistakes again.  I am glad they are doing such a fine job preserving this place for generations to come.
This shop allows you to bring aftermarket parts and charges a reasonable labor charge.    Prior to going to this shop, we went for a second opinion on the 01 accord and they recommended replacing struts and ball joints.  Angel's swapped only the struts, but told us to bypass the ball joints even though we had the parts in hand.  A few months later, we go back to change brake pads and tires.  They did a good job with installing the new parts, but they changed their mind and recommended to replace the ball joints...How could they recommend replacing them after saying they were ok in such a short time period...
Okay.  Here's an update to my original experience.  I have to say that Emilio, the owner of Izzazu is the consumate professional when it comes to customer service and follow up.  After my first appointment - at that time to be my last appointment - he doggedly tried to contact me to make the first appointment right.  Emilio and I had quite a lengthly and productive conversation.  He cares very much about making the customer happy AND correcting the situation that was unsatisfactory.    I did go back and was very pleased with my cut once again.  Because Marshall was running late (20 minutes and counting) Caesar cut my hair this time.  Another great cut!  Again, however, the desk needs training in customer service.  After a 20 minute wait, the receptionist still hadn't notified Marshall that I was there.   A downtown salon depends on clients who are on their lunch hours for the most part.  Next appointment I'll call ahead to see how they're running before heading to the salon and waiting.  Emilio IS working on the front desk situation.  In the meantime, I'll continue to go for the wonderful cut!
I bought a Groupon that advertised $25 for a shampoo,  cut and style that was regularly  $70 (64% discount ).  All of that was GREAT! Craig did my hair and he was excellent and professional.  My problem is the price of the Groupon.  I didn't get to choose one of the hairdressers, which I totally understand.  However, when I was leaving. I wanted to leave a tip based on the full cost of the service,  not the Groupon price. I asked the receptionist and she said that the service I received was $30! That's nowhere near 64% off! I just feel that I was mislead.
We were wanting to order take-out one night and looked through our folder of coupons to pick a place. After being "pizza'd out," we decided to try Miaetta's due to their $20 deal (wings, hoagie, fries and a soda).   The food was good. Nothing spectacular. The wings were sort of dainty, though I feel they compensated by giving us more than a dozen. The garlic parm sauce was also very light. They could have been a bit more generous. We ordered the Miaetta hoagie which was pretty much like a club. Once again, good but nothing to write home about. I could have made the same sandwich myself. Fries were standard. One thing to add - I found it strange that they only had four sodas to choose from: Pepsi, Mt. Dew, a generic juice and something else.   Considering this place is extremely close to us, I would stop back to try other things on the menu. According to the other reviews on Yelp, their gourmet Italian food is what they're known for. Now we know what to order next time. My boyfriend said the scene on the inside was very old fashioned and homey, so I'd love to check them out again but perhaps dining in rather than take-out. I love nothing more than a good 'ole mom and pops kitchen!
The place is fine and I can see it having a warm place in peoples' hearts if they went there as a young child.  I imagine I have a similar place for Dairy Queen dipped cones since there used to be a DQ within two blocks of my house when I grew up.  Regardless, at the end of the day, the ice cream itself is just good and is certainly nothing great or special.    When I visited I had some soft serve and they offer lots of flavor options, however, we're not talking Glen's Custard or anything of that level of taste or creaminess.  It's just some all-around standard or above average soft serve. Not much more.  Atmosphere:  I can understand having a long attachment to the place based on the atmosphere.  Page Dairy Mart really attempts to show its history by seemingly keeping things "old-fashioned" and I imagine the exterior and many elements have stayed the same for generations.  At the end of the day, this is a good place for some ice cream.  Nothing fantastic.  Nothing to travel across the city, state, or country to visit.  Certainly not something worthy of a perfect five stars.
It's an average ice cream place.  No more, no less. You can have the same products that taste the same at any Dairy Queen or Tastee Freeze. People give this place 5 stars because they like to think they're special by knowing about some small ma and pop place.
This place was just okay. I had the cookie sundae and my fiance had the brownie sundae. We both kind of watched, horrified, as the girl making our sundaes ran our cookies and brownies through a warmer in one of those cheap plastic containers. I mean I know I'm eating ice cream which is sooo healthy, but a little cancer from warming up plastic with the food you're gonna eat never hurt anyone either...The price for the sundaes seemed a little high to me at first but the more I ate the more I realized we really did get our money's worth. This is definitely better than dairy queen and it has a good ice cream shop atmosphere if you're looking for some good soft serve treats.
It's ok if you like soft serve and enormous amounts of it.  I am not a huge soft serve fan and I find the flavour of Paige's very bland.  So I t tastes like cold sweet and that's about it.  The atmosphere is great and it's worth a trip come here once just for that.  I don't think it is worth a second trip though.
I have been driving by this little bakery for several years now and always wanting to stop in and try it.  Unfortunately, they are usually closed when I have the time to stop.  I was finally lucky enough to find them open at a time when I had a chance to stop and pop in.  The cases were less than half full and I found this a tad disconcerting and so asked the lady behind the counter why they were so empty.  She said they they normally sell out of most of their fare very early in the day.  Luckily, they did have a small yellow cake with butter cream frosting.  I ordered one and took it home.  The cake was good, but it wasn't as good as some of the other bakeries in the Pittsburgh Metro.  I would never crave it, but I would return if the other bakeries were closed at the time.
Hey it's still standing.  This store is always in complete disarray and in a declining neighborhood, but when I am on this side of town visiting my grandma we'll stop in here to get everything for laundry detergent to lamps.   I appreciate a good dollar store but this is not a good dollar store.
The food was delicious. But it is a ridiculously expensive restaurant. If you're intimidated by spending $100 or more on a complete meal for 1 person, then this is not the place for you. Knowing that we had other plans for our evening, my date and I cut the meal short with appetizers, salad, and a bottle of one of the lesser expensive wines they offer, which was $54 a bottle. Our check was still $120, and we left hungry. Which is a shame, because the little of what we did have, we fully enjoyed. There are plenty of Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh, and many of them are very, very good - where one can enjoy a meal for a fraction of what it costs here.
Okay.. I have never eaten there before last night, but I have eaten at Davio's and that is what the atmosphere reminded me of.. we were there a total of 3 hours start to finish.. 3 hours until our main course was served. But, many courses are served as you wait... most of them were delicious. They bring you out fresh, delicious, warmed bread at the beginning with a garlic oil sauce dubbed "holy oil" and it truly is heavenly. They also have a bowl of cheese and garbanzo beans to eat atop of the bread. Delicious. There is also a cheesy spread available. All were wonderful. Then about 45 minutes later, they brought our appetizer. It was a soupy-looking mushroom appetizer with a sweet flavor. I do not recommend this app. It wasn't good. Then about 35 minutes after that, a salad was served. It came dressed and was one of the best I've had. 35-45 minutes after that, the HIGHLIGHT of the dinner came. Pasta in a bowl. It was the best part of the dinner. Finally another long time after that - our main course came. Mine looked only slightly better than it tasted. I got the seafood diavolo and it was a huge disappointment.  I really liked our waiter - he was very busy but attentive - but I cursed him under my breath for recommending this main course. I was so close to ordering a pasta dish, which I'm certain I would have loved and devoured. But I was talked out of ordering pasta, because pasta comes with dinner. I wish our waiter would have asked me what I liked; sauces, etc before recommending this dish. $68 for something you give to your cat is a hard pill to swallow. I love seafood, but I enjoy it in butter sauces, lemony butter sauces, Alfredo sauces, wince sauces with garlic... not this red soupy dish.  It was literally like eating cold tomatoes and water with Tabasco sauce poured in. It looked like "seafood soup." All the delicious seafood was drowning in a dark red, spicy, soupy mess. I wanted to cry when I saw it.. then I tasted it and really wanted to cry. It was gross. This is the last dish I would have ever ordered had I known how it was presented. I looked around at my date who had a massive veal tenderloin in front of him and I was so jealous.. wishing I had went with my first instinct - the pasta - or even the Halibut.. anything that wasn't drowning in a spicy red soup. I just hope that staff read this and never recommend this dish to a first-timer.. especially someone who enjoys seafood they can actually TASTE that isn't drowning in some spicy tomato sauce. If this dish wasnt so awful, I would have given 5 stars. The only other bad dish was the mushroom appetizer, and it was also a soupy mess. but, i would eat the mushroom app 3 times a day for the rest of my life if it came down to that and the seafood diavolo.
This was my second time to Ala Famiglia.  It's been a few years, and we figured, the Saturday after Thanksgiving would be perfect for italian - a welcome break from turkey.  Unexpected, and awful problem with our experience.  Our party of nine was seated onetime for our 5 pm reservation.  Drink orders were taken, bread and assorted accoutrements of oil and such were brought to the table.  Waitress was pleasant, holiday tunes playing (over 6 separate speakers in the small upstairs bar/table area - quality sound, something I appreciate) and muted Penn State football game on the flat screen.  We were settled in for a good meal.    Appetizers arrived approximately an hour later.  They were quite good.  The 12 ounce meatball was fantastic.  It was covered in a great tomato sauce, and hit the spot.   We ordered the calamari, and even a second round of the prosciutto wrapped prawns.  Pasta arrived - it was good, but it should be at Ala Famiglia.    The dinners arrived at 7:25.   Yes, it was a 5:00 reservation.  At least it gave our Brunello time to breath.   The portions were big.  Lots of veal dishes, rib eyes, and filets.   Non cooked too long, or too short.    So why the mediocre review?  The long wait?  No.   We were in good company, and enjoyed being together.  The problem was the large number of fruit flies that were all over our table.  I first noticed them in one of the empty cocktail glasses.  They liked the remnants of the Manhattan - and the cherry left in the glass.   Three of them dead, two more flew away when I waived my hand.    That caused me to look over at my wine glass holding the $140 per bottle Brunello......yep, one dead, and one alive.  What do you do?  I fished out the dead one, and covered my glass with a cocktail napkin.  This was pretty disgusting.  We mentioned it to the waitress, but she didn't respond or summon a manager.  Not looking for a free meal or anything, but as a business owner myself, I would think they would want to know about the problem, and get it rectified asap.    I like the food, but I won't likely be back.  Oh, and for the 9 people, the meal was just shy of a $1,000.
Pretty good food, I felt so miserably full afterwards. I think the things that come with the meal are far better than the meal itself. I really enjoyed the warm bread and the salad with candied walnuts. Family style pasta was included as well, if I go back again I'd only want those things.
Rating the overall experience we had here.  First off this is family style multi-course meal;  every main dish comes with a salad and pasta dish to share.  The salad is one of the best salads I remember eating and could easily be enough for an appetizer.  The pasta tossed in a vodka sauce was just ok.  The homemade pasta is not actually made in house (I asked), but it is 'fresh,' which I'm assuming meant bought from a store on the strip or a market district.  We had also ordered the calamari and the meatball appetizer because we were starving and that proved to be way too much food for a family of 5.  If you must get an appetizer, I highly recommend the meatball, you will not regret.  The veal chop is easily the best thing on the menu and where Alla Famiglia really shines.  From all the pasta plates and steaks and seafood dishes that were ordered at our table, the veal chop was by the unanimous favorite at our table.  Incredible flavors and tender cuts, but by the time you get to the main course, you're full with the bread, salad, and pasta that comes before you can't really enjoy it fully.  Most plates come with a side of their grilled veggies (which again were ok), but some dishes come with nothing so I would make sure to ask if you need a side.   So long story short, this is a marathon and don't expect to be done in an hour and a half.  Pace so you can really enjoy that veal chop at the end!  When you first walk in it seems very small, but there are back rooms and stairs that go up one or two floors.  There's also a back patio one floor up from ground floor.  It's tight sitting spaces, but very cute and authentically Italian.    So now that we established that the ambiance and food are pretty solid, the thing that earned this 3 stars is how we were hosted to our table.  We had a reservation at 7:30pm and were 30minutes early, which we recognize is nowhere near to our reservation time so we elected to grab drinks and sit on the patio.  When 7:30 comes around we inquire about our table only to be told that there was not a sitting space yet, which would be ok minus the fact that there were multiple tables open that we asked about.  7:45 we asked again and were told that they were setting up a table immediately.  8:10 comes around and we're still not seated so had to ask the hostess again, which apologized and sat us at the table we had asked about 40 minutes ago when our reservation time was.  It took 40 minutes to seat us at our table for our reservation time of 7:30 when there were tables open.  It was a frustrating experience because everyone was hungry and we weren't even offered bread sitting on their patio...  The frustration unfortunately set the mood for the dinner and although our food was great, we didn't really enjoy the time we had here.   We really wanted to love Alla Famiglia.  Perhaps we'll try one more time and hope our experience is better.
I enjoyed my meal at Alla Famiglia. The service is great and the atmosphere is OK (a little oddly decorated for such a high-end eatery). However, I don't know that the food was so good that it justified the high price point. This place is expensive and reserved for special occasions, which I knew coming in, but I wasn't really that blown away by my meal. You do get A LOT of food, but walking away with $300+ bill for a group of 4 just seems over the top when you consider the fact you're eating mostly pasta.
We had the mushrooms, meatball appetizer, pasta, salad, veal piccata and spaghetti with clam sauce. A nice pasta dish with roasted veggies and marinara was made as a special order. But I was not wowed by this restaurant. Large portions are not enough to impress me. The tastes were good, but for the prices, I'd expect better. If you're a big meat eater, or love to eat huge amounts of pasta, ok, this is great. But the sauces were just ok, nothing spectacular. Spaghetti with clams was covered with red pepper flakes but not noted as such on the menu. Would you like someone to cover your pizza slice with red pepper flakes without asking? I'm sure the deserts are good but we didn't have any - but the sizes of the appetizers and entrees is just over the top, but not worth the premium prices to me.
Man, I read the reviews and really was excited to try this place. I'm no going to make a long winded review but I am going to tell the cold hard truth...  There was a gas leak and they were being forced to close early. Thier solution was to cook everything and bring it out to the table at one time.  Ugh!!!! A 5 course meal in an hour and 15 minutes.  If I'm spending $150 for a meal for 2 I'd like it to not have all the courses at once.  Next, (and this is unbelievable) we were on the second floor and at the bar 5 feet away was A PAIR OF HOOKERS. LOL!!!! How do I know they were prostitutes? Well between drunkenly and loudly dropping the "F" bomb they would drunkenly and loudly discuss business. When we asked if they should be shut off we were told there was little that could be done BECAUSE THEY WERE REGULARS. I swear I'm not making this up... I should post in tips "When making reservations ask to be seated in a room different from the prostitutes."  I will say the service was a 5 star quality and the food was good. To be honest I'm not sure if I'll go back or recommend to others like it was recommended to me. Based on all the other reviews I'm guessing it was just a off night....
For convenient take-out chinese, this place is the bomb. My judge of Chinese take-out depends on the quality of their hot & sour soup. This soup is lovely with big chunks of tofu and little mushrooms floating throughout it - though I'd prefer some more exotic mushrooms thrown in too.   Overall, this place has quick service and throws in lots of big chunks of fresh vegetables. When's the last time you had vegetable fried rice with chunks of bell pepper, broccoli, pea pods, and onion. The Kung Pao chicken could be spicier but next time I'll ask.   The Allentown neighborhood of  No. 1 China House is its major detractor. I'd be concerned about safety heading up there at night. For delivery, however, you'll get all your basics quickly and be happy with your order.
its your typical run of the mill Chinese take out...but i must say, between 3 moves around the immediate south and a name change (theyre now ABC Garden) i've stuck with these guys. never had a disappointing encounter with them, even with the constant delivery staff changes. Their all day combos have a huge amount of food and theyre only about $8. Also, I prefer my lo mein with sauce only, and they don't have any problems accommodating. anyone else i order from always seems to have an issue and gives me the gross vegetables too. these little points along with quick delivery makes them my go-to when i need a quick noodle fix.
The name is ABC Garden and this is the best Chinese food I've had in Pittsburgh.  This place completely satisfies my Chinese food craving when I want that balance between fried deliciousness and fresh ingredients.  The neighborhood is kinda dodgy but since they deliver (and quick, i might add), there is no need to tread into Sketchville to pick up the delectable Chinese offerings.   Also, there are free extras when you order $20 or more (such as a 2 liter of Pepsi).  Update:  Much to my great sadness and disappointment, I have had to stop patronizing this establishment due to the extremely rude and unprofessional man they hired to answer the phone.  We tolerated it the first few times, even got a laugh out of the fact that he actually dropped the F bomb a few times while taking our order.   But when he became hostile and irate with me on a recent order, it was all over.  He started like he always does by laughing at our street name and having me spell it 5 times, then interrupted the order without excusing himself to set down the phone and yell at some children I heard in the background, then he argued with me about what the menu in my hand said, telling me I was wrong and it said something different.  He was aggressive, frustrated, impatient and clearly has some psychological problems.    I had to make the painful decision to give up this place in spite of the lovely fresh vegetables and tofu cooked to perfection.  :(  I'm trying No. 1 Kitchen on Brownsville instead.
It's pretty average Chinese food. Their egg rolls and dumplings were decent enough as was the Hawaii Five O dish I had was ok too. The service is a little slow as well.
Had Hunan Wok yesterday because it was on my way home. I've heard mixed reviews so I wanted to try it for myself. I tried to peruse the menu before ordering but I couldn't find it online anywhere which is disappointing because the hard copy they have available had at least 300 different options from apps, combos, sides, and entrees.   I got their General Tso's Chicken (extra spicy) and because my order was a take-out over $12, they threw in two free egg rolls. #win   (Other offers are Free 1 Small Fried Rice w/purchase of $16, Free General Tso's or Sesame Chicken w/purchase over $28)    I called on my way there and it took about 10-15 .... When I walked in, everything was ready to go. Large portion of chicken was served in plastic and rice was in standard paper folder container. They were not stingy about duck sauce, soy sauce, and fortune cookies. #win #win  Just like the reviews below, the General Tso's was just so-so. It definitely wasn't extra spicy but it did have a mild kick to it. To me, the sauce tasted a bit like wing sauce from a dive bar. I would get it again because it was good but it didn't have an oriental flavor to it. When ordering from a strip mall Chinese food place, I always expect each piece of General Tso's to be a quarter chicken and the rest fatty breading to which I dissect and just eat the meat.  My expectations were met but I wasn't disappointed because the chicken was good.  The meal had a decent amount of broccoli in it which was cooked perfectly for my taste, a little firmer.   The egg rolls were OK. Super crispy and not much filling...plenty of oil. They were free and so I can't really complain.    I will definitely eat here again. I'll probably try Sha Cha chicken because it's spicier or Kung Po. This place is good if you want cheap food that will hit a Chinese take-out craving.   Everyone that worked there was really nice - Even the chef in the back said hello. That alone goes a long way in my opinion.   Side note - It's the day after and I'm not sick so I give my seal of health approval.
I live closeby so I've been there dozens of times. I usually get chicken with broccoli or moo goo gai pan. My sister Vi usually gets moo shoo pork. The food is excellent American Chinese cuisine. The broccoli is always cooked perfectly, it is nice and bright green and firm yet not tough to chew. The chicken breast is always light and lean. Love the garlic white sauce used on the moo goo gai pan. Vi loves the plum sauce. There are several Chinese restaurants in Carrick and Mt. Oliver and I'd rate this one the best. I wish the broth used in the wonton soup was a bit richer and the egg rolls would be better if they were lighter.
Heyyyy everyone. Im gonna try to start up on these again! So im new around this side of town and thought i'd try the Chinese restaurant around the corner. I call in and order small general tso's with white rice . The menu i see online tells me 7.54 she says on the phone that its 8.25(assuming thats the tax) or something like that Then tells me it will take 10mins i get there in 6 mins and its already done . So i know its not fresh. Then i go to pay and she says 9.58. Which is annoying. But after that long rant the food wasnt on the fresher side, it looked very dry, BUT it was has a really good flavor! it isnt spicy at all if thats what youre looking for and idk if they dont do sizes  but if this is a small good Lord idk what the large would look like. Im adding pics. Flash no flash and UPDATED menu.
Bishops used to be the best pizza place around but anymore, it is mediocre at best! It really just depends on when you get it. Some days it's better and other days it's not. The taste and quality isn't consistent. Just recently we ordered from bishops and the pizza did not have a lot of cheese and the crust wasn't warm or tasty. It just tasted bland. I know that this particular location has been for sale but still operating, so hopefully new management can turn this place around and make it as good as it always used to be!
Good breakfast, horrible service.. And im not even one to complain about service. One of the waitresses is always in a bad mood with an attitude. Fire her and ill raise the rating to a solid 4
Wife and stopped in on the way to the Steelers game on Sunday.  Victory by the way!  I have always passed this place on visits to the Burgh since I have moved away but never stopped in.  Well we miss Old fashion diners in the Washington D.C. area.  This one when you walk in its like you step back in time to simpler days.  The ladies behind the counter we so darn nice and the gent busing tables was super nice to us.  We loved the atmosphere.  Eggs were good and toast with warm melted better good.  The hash browns under cooked and the sausage was not so great.  But if you want to step back in time..this is the place.
Nothing great, nothing awful either.  Service is OK, but they were slow when we were there.   Food was descent, eggs were good, but the bacon was over cooked til it was dark and crumbly.    They do take credit cards, but you'll have to get up and go behind the counter to enter your PIN as debit, and still leave a cash tip.  The building and the interior could use a bit of work.  Our booth had a huge patch of duct tape and was lumpy.  What you would expect from a diner in the Saaathills.
Typical American diner fare. Stopped in because I was in the area. Decent food, friendly service. While nothing stuck out to make my dining experience remarkable, I would return if it was convenient. The coolest thing is that they have a drive thru lottery booth right behind the building. If you're feeling lucky you can grab a ticket or two.
I usually love this place but it's gone bad. Went to one in wv the other day and it was good. I think different owners. My beef this one is the cheese. Very pour quality. Bread and sauce still good though.
I don't really get the great reviews. Maybe its more the nostalgia of them reopening than any thing. The pizza bagels were decent at best and their "homemade" tea is basically lemon water. Both i could easily make better at home. Ill give their pizza and hoagie a try, but theres too much competition in the area (Sunseri, Amilis) for them to stand out
They did upgrade so now they take credit cards and debit cards. A few negative things about the place. They close at 9PM during the week. I believe for Summer they should have extended hours because they do have competition with yinz guys pizza which is a block away. They are open until 11. They are losing business. Even if they stayed open until 10 it would be better. No air conditioning in the place. And everytime I call the phone number it goes straight to a voicemail saying they are on another line call back. I can never get through to a person to actually order anything.
Interesting place, with interesting patrons. The drinks are super cheap - and I was pleasantly surprised when I got my bill. There are peanut shells all over the place, I was a bit concerned initially, but then realized that this was acceptable behavior. Completely a chill place, unpretentious, a bit dark, and different than other bars that I usually frequent in the Pittsburgh area. I'm not sure that I'd make a special trip to this place, but it's not like I'm going to try to avoid it. If my path leads me here again, then I'll go with it!
Who doesn't like a bar where you can eat unlimited salty popcorn and unlimited peanuts for FREE!  AND you can throw the peanut shells on the floor...just like home.  I mean, not really, that's just the clothes in my closet.    The atmosphere is like one of those bars where you know half the people come in there every night.  There's even mugs for them!  Being an outsider was okay though, no weird looks for the regs, all are welcome!  Beer on tap are mixed between the regulars: Yuengling, Mad Hat, Guiness and lots of seasonal and rotating beers.  I love a place with a good draft offering.  I'm way more into a draft than a bottle.  Don't ask me why...maybe because the gulps can be bigger:)  Perks: Non smoking, best bar choice on East Ohio and, of course, FREE popcorn and peanuts...did I mention that yet?!  It's definitely a great place to chill out with friends on a Saturday night, and eat a crap load of popcorn!
I went to Park House after much internal deliberation. And after reading all the high reviews from fellow yelpers.     This bar is less than 5 minutes from where I live.  I stopped in on a Saturday night and was pleased with the music that was playing and also the fact that the bar was not overcrowded. The bar tender barely acknowledged me the whole night.    There wasn't any free peanuts or popcorn when I visited. Nor did they have the beer that I like on tap.  I did get a very tasty double chocolate stout, which I found to be delicious in every way.  The owner of the place even gave me an annoyed look.  Saturday night is usually a crappy night to try out any new place.  The service was slow but I got the feeling that the bartender couldn't be bothered to wait on me.    I haven't completely written this place off.  I'll just try again during the week.
Good beer, Wednesday night is banjo night which always draws a crowd. Definitely a hipster bar. Food is fresh & worth trying. Get a dish that includes the house humus.
We visited last night for the bluegrass night. Being that we don't visit the north side very often this bar wasn't bad. Long narrow bar with lots of wood and a few tables to sit at. They had a good selection of beers on tap that were seasonal and would satisfy any beer lover.  The free popcorn and peanuts were a nice touch.  As for the bluesgrass jam night I can't really recommend it. I was worried that it would be a bunch of hipsters standing in a circle pretending to be the Lumineers, and it was. This is not bluegrass.  Also with a name like bluegrass jam it attracts other sparsely washed hipsters like ants to an overripe peach.  I would go back just not for the music.
Some may describe this place little hipsters paradise in the middle of the Northside. I've been a sporadic customer of The Park House since I moved to Pittsburgh, initially right up the street, 7+ years ago. The atmosphere is really great. A nice, historic vibe, and a diverse customer base.  The food is solid, albeit limited due to their small kitchen space. I would recommend the hummus more than anything else. It's the one that that's stood out to us on our visits. Everything else is decent, but nothing special.  My one complaint is the cost of the whisky. I think Laphroaig 10 was $15 for a pour. That's way too pricey for a 10 year old Scotch that's only $50/bottle across the street at the Wine & Spirits. Otherwise, the beer selection is decent, as well as their limited, but decent bourbon selection.   Overall, a great vibe, neighborhoody feel, and decent service will keep us stopping in whenever we're in the area and looking for a small snack and a few drinks.
I was here for the well-known bluegrass night on a Wednesday a couple weeks ago and had a pretty good time. A friend met up with me here and we were able to enjoy the live music close to the bar and actually meet a few of the locals. I enjoyed the crowd- it seemed to mostly consist of 20 and 30 somethings, a bunch of bros, some couples, single girls and guys. We got some of the hummus, which was pretty good. If someone invited me, I'd definitely stop in again. $2 Yuenglings for the bluegrass night (that's reason enough to stop in again, right?).
More of a 3.5, but definitely not a 4 in my opinion. After living in Pittsburgh for 10 years, 4+ of which have been spent on the North Side, I finally stopped in after reading reviews and passing by this bar a hundred times.  I arrived on a Friday night a few minutes after they opened. Aside from the bartender and another guy who I came to realize was the owner, I was the only person there. Shortly thereafter the place started filling up with a mostly younger crowd.  I ordered a beer and enjoyed the free peanuts while I waited for my boyfriend to arrive. It took a couple minutes for me to become comfortable throwing the shells on the ground, but then it was a lot of fun to do.  When the bf arrived, we ordered some food. The menu is pretty small, but we found something that we would each enjoy. He had a burger with sweet potato fries and their gyro, I ordered the hummus.   Be prepared for a wait. It wasn't until after I ordered that I saw a mention on the bottom of the menu asking for patience as the food is prepared. Yah, we waited about 30 minutes as the only person preparing all the food is the owner. By the way, the food prep area is close to the bar. I figured this out after I kept hearing a microwave go off every minute.   The hummus was served with two, warm pitas (not sliced). I didn't dislike the taste, but didn't love the hummus. I'll instead stick with hummus from Alladin's . The boyfriend noted that he enjoyed the burger and gyro, although the gyro didn't look like a traditional gyro one would usually order. I tried his sweet potato fries and again wasn't thrilled.  We'll likely give them another try sometime soon, but might stick to eating somewhere else first or only grabbing an appetizer here.  Ambiance - 4 Service - 3 Food - 3
Stopped in to The Park House on a recent Tuesday evening. The place was pretty full with people participating in their weekly Trivia night. Although it looked like a lot of fun, we didn't take part.  My boyfriend was hungry and thirsty. I was just thirsty  Although it was only around 9 in the evening, the majority of people were drinking - not eating. As I mentioned in my first review of this restaurant, the menu is pretty small. Also, all of the food is pretty much prepared by the owner at one end of the bar. He uses microwaves to heat up just about everything. The food isn't bad, it's just not great and there's absolutely nothing special about it. So, do yourself a favor and come here for beer.  My boyfriend ordered the gyro and hummus platter. I noticed that the tzatziki sauce had been sitting out uncovered and underneath a hot light for a significant amount of time before finally being covered by the owner. I found this to be a bit gross, especially since there is dairy in the sauce. By the way, we learned that the sauce is not homemade, but is doctored up by the owner.  The hummus platter came with two warm (microwaved) pitas. The owner noted that he makes his own hummus. It was pretty tasty, but definitely wasn't a plentiful portion.  What I didn't like about this experience at The Park House was that the owner was eating food behind the counter (with gloves) and seemed to be preoccupied with a woman that was sitting near us. I wanted to say something to him about eating with his gloves on, but I felt extremely awkward.  We'll continue to come here, but in the future we will pass on the food.
Came here for the second time since last winter... and the feel was completely different. It is not in the best part of town firstly- there are people in front of it begging for money, some people ask you for "squares" which I found out are cigarettes- point being I know  cannot dock the restaurant for that- BUT management can take measures to keep the people from being right in front of their door.   Came here on a Tuesday night after a kickball game with my team- I talked this place up because the last time I was here the food, drink, and atmosphere was awesome. This time... not so much.   The bar is understaffed, those who are seated wait like 7-10 minutes to get their drinks; as a bar that serves food- the bartender came to our table like one time every 15-20 minutes; because they have 2 people working here-where it needed to be at least 3-4.   Anyway, it was trivia night when we came here. The trivia, complementary popcorn, and peanuts definitely were an up side that made waiting for drinks and food somewhat better. Their selection of drinks here is superb which is also a big plus.   I ordered 2 orders of falafel without bread; after a long period of time (45 mins) I went to the bartender and asked her about my falafel orderS she only put in an order for one and gave it to somebody else...   All I can say was I was disappointed. But I have been here when there was a band, good service, and really fun atmosphere- I hope its better next time.
Bernie's Photo Center is one of the few locations in Pittsburgh you'll find that deals with Canon's DSLR compatible equipment. It's has the appearance of a hole-in-the-wall shop on the outside and the selection of serious photographer lenses and items could be better. The layout of the store is rather mismanaged.   The employee working was friendly and made recommendations, allowed me to try out a camera bag, and test a lens. There were several other customers in the store and he did his best to provide attention to everyone, however more employees would have been appropriate to shorten the wait time.
I had a totally mixed experience with Bernie's, which may explain the other reviews.   I have a DSLR that I got from my father - it had never been cleaned or adjusted. It had been having some trouble with the battery, so I took it to the only place in Pittsburgh (apparently) that will help with this. A dark-haired guy greeted me as I walked in and treated me like a total noob, and his demeanor made me feel like the dirt under his shoes. However, he did give me good information and service about my camera when prompted by another man in the shop (who I might assume is Bernie).   They told me they could send it to the manufacturer where they'd clean it for a couple hundred bucks, but instead they cleaned out the sensors and the lens right there at the counter and checked the contacts between the lens and the camera. The dark-haired guy showed me through a magnifying glass what I was looking at, and explained that some spots I saw in the viewfinder were inside the top of the camera and wouldn't appear on the pictures. The other guy (Bernie?) explained to me some of the functions of the camera -- I knew these already, but it was nice to hear them explained and he showed me a few examples. They advised me to get a UV filter to protect my lens, which I knew was overpriced but I happily bought anyway to pay for their service.   So I think the kind of experience you get depends entirely on the person you run into. I can see how someone would be put off by the dark haired guy I ran into first, and how someone would absolutely love the service from the other guy. All in all I'm pleased with my encounter with this shop, but I probably won't buy anything from there considering how overpriced it was -- however, if something goes wrong or I need any service, I'll definitely go back.
decent german food and decent beer.  their party room in the basement is great for very large groups, birthday parties or other types.  i was raised only a few blocks from this place so i've eaten here quite a bit.  i've had most of what's on the menu so it's hard to decide what is best.  very authentic german food and a good neighborhood bar.
Greatest place in Pittsburgh for German food!!  My favorite dinner here is Max's Goulash.  Its a great beef stew with spaetzle and you can get potato pancakes on the side.  The potato pancakes are, without a doubt, the best in Pittsburgh!!  While the food is fantastic, the staff and customer service is what keeps this place from being really excellent.  Its a very "come as you are" sort of place and rightfully so as it's a tavern/restaurant but the staff may take the casual nature of the restaurant a little too seriously.  One evening about a year ago, I went in for dinner.  I originally thought to sit at a wooden booth in the bar and there was only 1 open, the last towards the back.  I sat down and the seat completely collapsed on me!  I'm far from what you'd call "fat" "heavy set" or even a "big girl" and the staff just sort of stared at me as though it were my fault that their booth just fell apart, the bartender even laughed at me while I tried to get up.  No one asked if I was ok, no one asked if I needed help and I was generally ignored as I tried to pull myself to my feet.  *I* had to approach the hostess, tell her that the booth had just collapsed and ask to be reseated.  She rolled her eyes at me and told me the dining room was full so I'd have to wait.    Ok, understandable... could you offer a drink or a manager or something while I waited considering the fact that your booth just broke apart?  The entire incident was either completely ignored by staff, like it never happened or I was looked at like it was my fault.  I didn't even get so much as an apology!  I've been back a couple of times since then because the food is always good but I always sit in the dining room now which is sort of a shame because I actually like the bar atmosphere better.    Luckily for me though, their menu is online and they offer take out.  Unfortunately, they have the hostess answering those phone calls and since she's not a server, she doesn't have a lot of knowledge about the menu.  When I asked for a total, I was put on hold for a couple of minutes.  She finally came back and I asked how long and was put on hold again so she could go ask the kitchen.  She was quite rude about it, like I was bothering her.  Bottom line: Max's *is* the best place for German food in Pittsburgh, hands down.  But, the food is the only thing you're going for.  The staff could use some help on customer service.
After a long day at work I met up with a friend for some German fair on the northside. I don't get out to this neck of the woods that often so it was a treat for me! All appetizers are  $2.99 during happy hour so we went with the Potato pockets which were perogies in my book. They were crispy and creamy, and topped with fried onions. They also had a side of french onion sour cream. Pretty tasty stuff! Plus they gave you so many I could have filled up just on the app. I ordered the Bell's Oberon while my dining partner ordered the sampler. I have to say that she wasn't that impressed with the brew. "Dirty pipes" and I quote. I had the same taste from my order so I focused on the food.  We both ended up ordering Max's Goulash that was suggested by another Yelper! You can't go wrong when you have that recommendation. This is not our small town neighborhood goulash made from egg noodles and a mix with ground beef. The noodles in this feast were homemade and chunky, piled high with a peppery meaty sauce infused with fall off the fork beef, carrots, peas, and tiny pearl onions. If you remember yesterday was a cold, rainy, gloomy day. This was real comfort and I had to take it to go. Rain is still in the forecast so leftovers will be grand!
I took my boyfriend, a German-food enthusiast, to Max's Allegheny Tavern last night. We had been looking forward to a night out together for a while.   I think the food was good, but it's hard to say, because all I could focus on was the LOUD -- and I mean LOUD -- woman seated behind my boyfriend and me.  Her profanity-laden discussion with her dining partners was so bad that for the first time in my life, I turned around and asked a fellow restaurant patron to take the volume down a few notches.   The restaurant was almost empty; I have no idea why the host chose to seat a loud party of five next to a couple having a quiet dinner.
The goulash was (sickeningly) sweet and the bread pudding wasn't sweet at all.  But the atmosphere is kind of cool.  And the prices are downright cheap.
I wasn't excited about Max's when I first walked in. There were no servers in evidence and I wandered through the entire restaurant looking for an employee to seat me before finally asking the bartender to help. After that, though, things definitely improved. I loved the slightly shabby, old-world vibe. The old photos on the wall were interesting, and the menu slash old newspaper was a pretty cute presentation.   We got appetizers for dinner, and my favorite by miles was the potato pocket with grilled onions on top. (Basically a pierogi.) So good. So, so good. I actually wasn't as excited about the potato pancakes as I expected - maybe because I was expecting more of a latke style flavor profile? Not sure. We also got the stuffed pretzels - total heart attack on a plate - in a good way! I loved that everything we got came with dipping sauces. So fun.   Overall a positive experience. I'd go back.
I really thought I'd never be back.  The goulash I had was so so gross.  But then,  was roped in by some friends who were doing a Sunday brunch book club.  Of course I couldn't miss out on tantalizing conversation... so I obliged.    I really had no clue what they offered for brunch options, but quickly learned they have a a pretty decent size brunch buffet.  I'm not below buffets at all, it's the fat kid in me!  Most things still looked a little questionable to me, but I went for the big ticket items.  Make your own omelets, potato pancakes and dessert.  I'd hit up the buffet again, but still be hasty to check out the regular menu again.    The omelet was made right in front of you, so I added cheese, mushrooms, peppers, tomatoes and onions.  I was super excited about it because it was the size of a football.  Sadly, it was pretty tasteless.  I don't think they added any salt or pepper to the egg mix, so it came out really bland, despite loading up on ingredients.    But the potato pancakes... I could survive on them forever.  They were amazeballs!  Add some sour cream and I was in potato patch heaven!  I had to keep myself from getting more because of the other thing I loaded up on... dessert.    The desserts looked unassuming, but they were also awesome.  I had a smattering of delectable bites.  The scones were so moist and tasty.  I had to stop myself from taking more than 20.  I also had some carrot cake, brownies, cookies among other things I inhaled and didn't pay attention too.  Should I be embarrassed?  Probably.  But I don't care because it was darn good!
Looking for alternative places to brunch, we ventured out to Max's. The service was quite attentive. The brunch offering was reasonable but not overwhelming. It consisted mainly of waffles, omelette station, fried chicken, stuffed cabbage, potato pancakes, sausage, bratwurst, bacon, and a selection of pastries.  The quality of the food was okay, but none of the offerings stood out as memorable. If you are looking for a reasonably priced brunch you could do worse than Max's, but you could also do better.
Our dinner here was a nice experience.  We were going to a concert and when we arrived many people were waiting to be seated.  We were told to expect a half hour wait.  We sat at the bar and had a drink and in what must have been only ten minutes we were asked if we would mind eating at a booth in the bar area rather than wait for the dinning room.  We were thrilled, because we were considering eating at the bar.  The booth worked out just fine.  It wasn't too noisy and  we got served quickly.  Even though there were several specials that tempted us, we both ordered the best thing on the menu - their Jäger Schnitzel, with sides of hot German potato salad and sweet and sour cabbage.  I had a German black lager and my wife a glass of wine.  The basket of assorted rolls comes with delicious apple butter and sauerkraut relish, both very tasty.  The schnitzel is quite large, and we only made it about halfway thru when we asked for a to-go box.  We're looking forward to finishing it here at home.  Maybe next time we'll try something different....but probably not! Pros: inexpensive, very tasty schnitzels Cons: no reservations for parties under 5
After hearing Hofbrauhaus-haters say that Max's Allegheny Tavern is the only place to go in Pittsburgh for German food, my husband and I decided to finally try the restaurant this afternoon.  We were seated in little booths right next to the bar. They were cozy, but the seats reminded me of old fashioned church pews. Our waitress soon brought us a little basket of four rolls with butter, sauerkraut relish, and apple butter. Though I liked the different varieties of bread, it was nothing special. The relish and apple butter were a nice touch though.  Our waitress was busy with both waiting tables and tending the bar, but she managed to check on us pretty frequently. Our food also came out relatively promptly. I order the Wiener Schnitzel with Potato Pancakes and Spatzle on the side. The Wiener Schnitzel was amazing -- by far the best I've ever had! The veal was tender and the fried surface was perfectly crispy. However, the sides sadly did not match this main dish. The Potato Pancakes were oddly bitter, and I did not enjoy them with either the sour cream or applesauce. I only ate two or three bites and completely stopped eating them. (I must add that Hofbrauhaus's potato pancakes are delicious and something that I order every time that I go there.) I also did not enjoy the Spatzle, but I am accustomed to eating cheese Spatzle.... So I may be reviewing this harshly since I'm just not used to plain Spatzle, but in my opinion, it was terribly bland and watery.  Overall, Max's Allegheny Tavern served one incredible item (Wiener Schnitzel), but everything else was merely mediocre. Because of this, I really don't plan on returning to the restaurant again any time soon. I'll be sticking with the fun environment and overall good food at Hofbrauhaus, actually.
The food isn't as good as it once was.  The atmosphere is kind of dark and needs to be updated.  We ordered potato pancakes that had to be returned because they somehow tasted fishy (I don't even want to speculate).  The other items we ordered were ok. Staff is great, very friendly and attentive.
FYI: New happy hour specials are awful. Just awful. Sorry guys, as much as i love you   I've got to put my food down somewhere. Even raising the prices on all of the apps to 3.99 would've been better than taking the pierogie (aka potato pockets) special off all together.   Won't be back.
This is americanized German food.  For real German food, go to Hofbrauhaus and ask for a schnitzel.
I've been here once because this was an easy place to meet for dinner with a friend. I enjoyed eating here well enough.  I'm honestly not a die-hard fan of German food, although I guess that wouldn't have mattered: a peak at the menu beforehand revealed that this place's menu is mostly Americanized - proof of this is the fact that my salad was topped with French fries (only in Pittsburgh...). Trust me, even if you don't really like German food, there'll at least be a sandwich you'll like here.  Thinking about my usual "overall" summary, I have to say this place wasn't bad and served as a reasonable place to meet - the beer menu looked nice from what I saw and the atmosphere was pretty cozy and even nostalgic and homely - but man, the dining options really weren't that extraordinary. I'm still torn as to how to feel about its menu, because on the one hand obviously it being Americanized meant even I could find something to enjoy, but on the other I feel bad for the people who do like German food and may not be getting what they hope for.   It wasn't bad enough that I'd say don't try it and see - just understand it may not be exactly what you expect.
I went to Max's for the first time with my family a few weeks ago. I ordered the kielbasa sandwich with a side of kase spaetzle. The kielbasa on the sandwich was topped with a serving of sauerkraut and served on a toasted roll.  It was your average kielbasa sandwich. Satisfying, but nothing out of the ordinary.  The kase spaetzle however was noteworthy and delicious. It was smothered in gouda cheese sauce and I love me some gouda! I ate it all and I would have licked the plate if it were socially acceptable.   As for the environment, the restaurant is housed in what looks like what might of used to be a house back in the day. It had lots of little dining rooms. The decor was kind of outdated, but I think that's what you'd expect and it's part of the charm. The tables were spaced a little too close for my liking, but it was tolerable.   Overall, I'd go back if invited, but I don't know if I'd go again on my own.
Brunch, brunch, brunch.  Max's serves an awesome Sunday Brunch Buffet!  The omelet station is standard (no egg whites for you health-nuts) and heavenly pastries will always await you along with potato pancakes.  I'm not in love with their potato pancakes, but being that Max's specializes in German food, you've got to try at least one with their homemade applesauce.  Some of my rotating favorites on the buffet include red cabbage, Eggs Benedict, and the Farmer's Breakfast.  You can order off the menu during brunch if you aren't in mood to gorge yourself on the buffet.  No drinks included with the buffet :( but you can order them, of course.  I love the decor at Max's - it's an old house, and much of the furniture looks like it was in this house and just remained when it converted to a restaurant.  Max's location in Old Deutschtown on the North Side fits it perfectly.  They even offer a shuttle to Heinz Field on Steeler game days (small fee applies).
This is one of the only German restaurants I know of in the area. The meal was good and reasonably priced. They also have a good beer selection on draft and in bottles. We had a party of 6 going for a 7:30 dinner on a Thursday.   Bigger parties tend to chat a little more and take longer in my experience. I felt like they were sort of rushing us out. That might be because they closed the dining room door and started vacuuming the front bar room while we were still finishing up our dinner. I'm not sure if anyone was eating out there but I'm very happy we weren't because it seems really gross to me to vacuum around food. This was around 9:15 and I'm pretty sure they serve until 10.   Besides that, our service was good and so was the food. We all split the stuffed pretzels and potato skins as an appetizer. The pretzels are delicious, I could have eaten them all myself! Deep-fried and stuffed with cheese, yummy!   I ordered the Chicken Viennese and was pleased with my meal. It came with a choice of two sides and I went with a delicious sweet potato casserole and my favorite thing of the night: POTATO PANCAKES. I prefer sour cream, but you can also get applesauce. Yum yum yum get lots of potato pancakes! The chicken was delicious and was served over spaetzel, which was just ok. I've had the kase spaetzel there before which is served in a cheese sauce and much better than the regular.   There was a variety of entrees ordered from sausage platters to wiener schnitzel and everyone seemed pleased with their meals. You get a lot for your money and I'll never turn down a chance to eat potato pancakes!
Very good old school German American food (nothing innovative here). Was here on a Saturday night and the placed was packed. Really loved the cheddar cheese stuffed deep fried pretzels and the potato pancakes.
Visited Max's last Friday night with friends who'd come in from out of town. As another reviewer described, the whole experience was 'tired'. Service was very good, however. I was hoping for a more colorful, fresh decor, but everything looks aged and washed out. I just got a very 'blah' vibe as we walked back to our table, and it really had a bad impact on my appetite and perception. I had the Wurst Sampler Platter and it was okay. The potato pancakes were dull...I don't think there was any salt in them. The cheese-stuffed pretzels were very good!  The following day was the 2nd annual Deutschtown Music Festival. The neighborhood is working toward revitalization, and I hope local businesses like Max's will step up their game. I believe the investment will be worth it.
The old arcade game was excellent and only a few quarters to play. Drinks nice enough . Bartenders were really nice.  NIce enough place.
A good selection of classic Pittsburgh beers and tasty German cuisine. The service is pretty good and it's a great place to watch a Pirates game.
Came here with a large group of friends for dinner. They were great about the reservation we made for 12 and had a nice table in its own little room waiting for us when we arrived. I had the Hefeweizen style beer, which was good but had a strange taste and aftertaste to it, but it wasn't so bad as I ordered a second one. For apps we had the  Bavarian nachos (not great by any means and actually very odd...and cold), the stuffed fried pretzel and the red cabbage with sausages. The red cabbage here is amazing, and the pretzel was fairly good with a honey mustard dipping sauce...but I guess its kind of hard to mess up something thrown into a deep fryer and stuffed with cheese. For our entrees I had their "famous" potato pancake Reuben with sides of red cabbage (couldn't get enough!) and their house German potato salad - also very tasty. Fiance had potato pancakes, spatzel with cheese sauce and sausages. The spatzel was not in as a creamy a cheese sauce as I would have hoped - it was a bit oliy, not so much creamy. We were both a little underwhelmed sans the cabbage with the entire meal. I hate to say it - but I have had better authentic German style food at church potlucks and even Hofbrahaus (in a comparison to the beers at Hofbrahaus - these did just not stack up for me). I would give MAT another go round to try some of their other offerings - their schnitzels looked pretty good!
Cozy down to earth atmosphere, cute to see familes of three generations sitting together for a Friday night meal. The food itself was ok but just a tad bit pricey. I thought my bavarian-style pretzels were a bit too heavy since they were deep-fried, and my friend's schnitzel platter with spatzle was a bit low on salt. Not a bad experience overall, but I might still rather go to Penn Brewery or Hofbrau next time.
Sunday brunch is such a great deal and so filling. Some people don't like the potato pancakes but to me they're fab. Highly recommend.
The sausage is good. The mashed potatoes and German potatoes (sides) are definitely not homemade. Service was friendly, which made up for the cafeteria quality food.
I'm not super adventurous when it comes to trying new meats, but everyone who has tried the Hasenfeffer (sp?) says that it's over cooked. This is rabbit. I don't eat rabbit- not knowingly anyway.  The ambience is very cool. One of my favorite things about Pittsburgh is little historical places like this.   I had spätzle and cheese. It was just okay. I mean, it's hard to mess up anything you melt cheese over. I also ordered the flight of German beers- and this I would recommend.  Service was decent. Our waitress was kind and helpful, but we were seated at a table that was too small to accommodate our selections. I had to give away most of my salad when my meal arrived because there was just not room for it on the table.   The area is sketchy and probably not safe to linger around at night. Admittedly I am not in that area often, but it's a shame because it's got a lot of culture.
Got take out from this place on the weekend.  Ordered kung pao chicken, steamed dumplings, and pork egg rolls.  I was really hungry so it hit the spot, but there wasn't that many chicken pieces in my kung pao chicken - a lot of peanuts (as expected) and a whole lot of celery and carrots (aka filler).  So I was a bit disappointed in that.    The steam dumplings were good, especially when fresh and hot.  The egg roll was tasty as well - I didn't find it too oily.  Very affordable and a generous portion - I had the leftovers the next day.
I work on the North Side and went for a walk to find something new for lunch.  I am quickly growing tired of Eco Bistro directly downstairs from my office at Allegheny Center.  At any rate, came across this place at the corner of Ohio and the onramp to 279.  The lunch special was inexpensive and grabbed a soda for about $6 in all.  I had the Kung Pao Chicken and it was prepared to order.  Tasty, cheap, fast.  I ate inside - there are only a handful of tables in this place and it's decently clean.
The food just isn't impressive. We ordered wings and the flavor just isn't there, and they are very tiny.  However, the service was friendly and the beer/drinks are cheap! Very laid back/dive bar atmosphere. There's a pool table and "fake" slot machines, which I've never actually seen!
What a great price $6.85 for a 12 inch hoagie!! No shortage of beef on this sandwich!   Here in the burg you can get Steak hoagies just about anywhere.   This is one of my favorite staple hoagies..  This may not have been the "best" but it was up there - nice solid sandwich.  The bread was fresh too.    Thank you North Shore Deli !!
the hotel itself is really beautiful... the room was large.. i believe we had a king bed. there did seem to be mold? on the ceiling.. which we told them about just giving them a heads up and they said it was something else.. okay... water damage and then black stuff around it.. not mold ? the neighborhood is kinda sketch. i don't think it is worth the 200 and some dollars we paid for a night. ouch. the location is pretty nice.. not too far from much.. about a 5 min drive to downtown
This is a nice historic euro style hotel in the middle of the city. An old Catholic Church converted into a hotel. The rooms are small but well appointed. A very small bar opened only from 5 PM to 10Pm. The breakfast buffet was acceptable. Very near several eateries and pubs, but I'm not sure it's a safe neighborhood to wandering around in. They do offer free shuttle service to and from restaurants and the convention center. Some of the staf were friendly, some were surly.
Ended up here since for some reason all the major hotels on the North Side were booked.  Overall this is a solid option if that happens to you, but probably wouldn't make a point to stay here otherwise.  Nice staff, fairly easy walk to North Side or across the bridges but as others have mentioned it's not in a great area.  Literally "on the wrong side of the tracks".  I live in a similar area in Philly so it didn't bother me as much but can see this being an issue for others.  I also walked the whole time and didn't use the shuttle so that's an option as well, but did hear others waiting a while to that just to go to PNC Park which I simply walked to myself in 10 minutes.  It's definitely an old place, so you could see that as "charm" or simply as old.  Again, not a bad place at all but nowhere I'd miss if I stayed elsewhere.
We chose this hotel because of the recommendations we read on-line.  The hotel is certainly very unique.  We were in Pittsburgh to see a Pirates game.  Our original plans were to walk to the game but we did not feel safe enough in that neighborhood to walk. The room we stayed in was small but comfortable.  The bathroom was nice sized but the shower stall is much too small.  The toilet seat was very loose, so, I had to tighten it.  Also, the in room coffee service was not good. The shuttle driver was terrific and very accommodating. The continental breakfast buffet was terrific and nicely displayed. I thought the TV was too small but the picture was good.  Had we planned on staying there for more than one night, I would have asked to change rooms. Having said all this we would stay here again.  The hotel staff was very nice and we loved the atmosphere of the hotel.
This is a beautiful hotel inside of an old church. I was really impressed with the outdoor space, the tiny bar and the expansive dining room. While it was within walking distance to the stadiums and the Andy Warhol Museum, the neighborhood  was sketchy. It appeared to be "up and coming"perhaps a return trip is in order. It was a good value for the price.
Inside the old St. Mary's Priory, a beautiful hotel transformed from a real monastery is Monk's Bar. The tiny and I mean very small bar, with three tiny tables and three bar stools is big on properly made drinks.   I sat at a stool which isn't high enough for the bar which made for a rather uncomfortable seating. My friend Katrina has known the lone bartender, Nikki for years and has been wanting to get me out of my comfort zone and try new places. I beat Katrina to the Priory and found a lot of free parking out front (after 7 pm street parking is free) and went inside.   Now situated, I sat down and looked over the menu and decided on a Monktini, citron absolute, fresh lime juice and razzmatazz. Perfect for a warm summer night, not heavy or filling, a little sweet, a little tart. Refreshing! After Katrina arrived another couple walked in and sat at one of the small cafe tables, the tiny room induces conversation with others, especially when the bartender introduces you to everyone.   Time for a bite and this is where Monk's Bar lost a star (the uncomfortably high bar and low stools cost them a star as well) but as a practicing vegan, there were no options I could enjoy. Sandwiches are served on pretzel buns (monks invented pretzels) with options like a ham and turkey club, turkey, creamy chicken salad, and a few others I forgot. I did order hummus but it wasn't filling at all. I did enjoy the house made Lemoncello, although I have made this in the past, Monk's makes there's with grain alcohol which I found to be too strong. I'll continue to make mine with 100 proof vodka and forgo the impending hiccups.   It was a very interesting night, made new friends, found an interesting new spot and a really cool building I'd love to explore more of. Everyone should try Monk's bar and get out of your comfort zone.
Everything is good expect the housekeeping. I just checked out for 1.5 hours and came back for my lost clothes but my sweater has already gone. My skirt and sweater was stayed together in the closet but just found the skirt finally. So disappointed with the housekeeping!
Hmmm...what to say about Key West.  I wouldn't exactly call it "warm" - get it - hahaha.    A friend and I checked this place out on a Friday night.  You know that point in the night when you think to yourself, "I could go home right now and call it a night or I could do this right and see where the night leads me".  Well we decided on the latter and it led us to Key West.  It is a total dive of a bar.  It's fairly small inside and no one seemed to pay us any attention.  Key West seems like the type of bar where you get regulars and so if you've never been there before, you're probably going to stick out.    But no one really bothered us and we just hung out for a bit.  There seemed to be a potential fight breaking out behind us and like I said it's not that big so it caused a bit of a scene in the bar.  It quickly died down and started back up and then tapered back down - fyi this seems like a normal occurrence as my friend and I were the only ones that were alarmed.      Another thing to keep in mind beside the potential fights is that its cash only.
Total Dive.  Umm.  A gang fight started breaking out and one of the guys had tear drops tatted on his face.  Isn't that code for murder?  The bartender shouted to break the fight up not exactly in those words but yahhh.  We left soon after.  Enter here at your own risk...although I will say I may have stuck out like a sore thumb here but no one bugged.  I have a feeling I'll never go back.  Makes for a good story- 3 stars for that...
I went here for lunch and got the grilled cajun chicken sandwich and salad, both of which were fine.  The service was really good.  Overall, not a bad place, but nothing spectacular.
So apparently I have this habit, at least last week, of visiting a bar/restaurant during its most dead time. In this case, it was somewhat understandable for Clark Bar & Grill because it was a very uneventful sports week. Regardless, I wanted to check out this place, housed in the old manufacturing warehouse of the historic Clark Bar Candy Co. (RIP) just north of PNC Park.  I wasn't overly impressed with either the menu or beer selections. In fact, there were only five beers on tap and one had just kicked. I ordered the special, a Reuben sandwich with tater tots, which were both decent. I washed it down with a Penn Pilsner (local brew) and then left to go check out another place on the North Side.  This may be a good spot to hit up before/after a Pirates or Steelers game because of its proximity to both stadiums, but I'm not sure I'd venture back otherwise.
My review is limited to the restroom.  I was in town for a Steelers/Jets game and the portable toilet line was very long.  So I walked over here and for $5 the allowed me to use the restroom for the rest of the day (they stamped my hand).  I was told that it would be donated to a charity (I believe he said ALS).  Great idea if it is true.  The restroom is not very large (men's room had 2 urinals and 2 toilets) but it is much better than the options out in the parking lot.    As far as the rest of the place, it was packed with fans prior to game time.  Lots of food, drinks and tv.  Might be a better hang out spot if the weather is crummy. But I prefer to tailgate.  It'd be a good spot to watch the game if you did not have a ticket and tailgated with your friends.
Great lunch at the Clark Bar & Grill!   The Marietta Burger was amazing and made my taste buds sing.   Its definitely unique.  I love the fresh cut fries!!! They are cut thick and were cooked just right.  I am totally digging the menu too ..   something for everyone.  The soft pretzel bites were good - at a glance they look like hard pretzels but are soft and oh so tasty.     Thanks Clark Bar & Grill . ...this yinzer is looking forward to her next visit..
Ah, Mullin's. No not Mullen's, which is something I always have to clarify when someone asks if I want to meet them for lunch at one of these places while I'm at work.   This isn't the bar and grill located near PNC Park; it's a little diner that stands alone on a corner as you drive past the Warhol and continue towards the David McCullough Bridge. It's easy to miss or just drive on by, which is kind of a shame because this is a pretty nice spot to eat, I think. It can admittedly be a little offputting to walk in if you're not expecting their seating arrangement, which consists of a mix of booths, regular tables and fold-up tables (along with chairs that you're more likely to find in a school than a diner).   But food wise, this is definitely the place to go for cheap, greasy diner eats. They make breakfast as well as lunch, and I have to say their breakfasts look pretty good (three egg omelets with a side dish? Holy crap!). I've mostly ordered their sandwiches and burgers and thought they were pretty good overall. As long as you come in expecting diner food and nothing else, I think you'll like what you find!  A note - this place charges a fee for using a credit/debit card when you spend under $10, and their food is so cheap that you can spend less than $10 very easily. So bring cash!
We didn't order directly from them, so I'm not ranking any lower than three stars.  HOWEVER, our wedding catering sourced their bread from Breadworks and it was quite unimpressive.  In fact, many of our guests identified it as the one thing they would have changed about our meal...  Not sure if it was because our reception was on a Saturday and maybe the hotel only takes deliveries on weekdays or something, but it just wasn't fresh-tasting and certainly wasn't on-par with say, Mancini's.
I'm still a fan but something is starting to change here and not for the better. The last two times I've bought from here I've been a little disappointed. I got some hoagy rolls that were dense and tasted flat, I've had better from Sam's club. Today I stopped and asked for some Rustic Italian and what I got was a regular Italian loaf and it was only so-so. It was only slightly better than any other place that bakes it's own Italian like Shop n save. Maybe the store clerk gave me the wrong bread and I hope so because I have loved this place for years and I hope they aren't just making for the restaurant trade now.
Okay, I'm biased because I'm actually German. And in Germany I'd probably never set a foot into a traditionally designed beer house - just because I'm from Berlin and this is more stuff Bavarians would do.  But I was in Pittsburgh so different rules. Came here for brunch on a Sunday because of an invite. You're not a member? Sorry no entry. Luckily, my accent gave it away and apparently Germans are always welcome.  They serve proper Bavarian food - Wurst, Bacon (?), Red Cabbage, fried potatoes - pretty solid. You can also get omelettes together with a Krug of German beer. Is that what we Germans do for breakfast back home? Maybe in the Bavarian woods, I'm not sure, but it is definitely something.  The interior is quite unique - imagine Oktoberfest in 1935 and you get the idea. Fun fact: not everyone in there speaks German and they have waitresses that work there for over a decade. I do, however, appreciate that this Pittsburgh institution is around for more than 100 years and hope they'll stick around for a while.  Maybe, in another 100 years, even the neighborhood won't look as dodgy as it looks right now.
If this place wasn't up on a hill, it might be a hipster paradise. As it stands, it is a beloved and well-attended local bar with frequent karaoke nights. I've been there twice, and so far the bartender has been the same wonderful, slightly hurried lady, who remembered us the second time around and who was willing to help me experiment by making a manly cocktail with a raw egg shaken into it. I guess it helps that the other half of Billy's bar is Billy's restaurant, with eggs to spare. A good time is always had, belting out the classics with friendly faces and free popcorn abounding.  Be forewarned: if you start coming every week, some of the classics will become even more "classic", as you start to realize your new friends have favourite songs to jive to on a regular basis....
This place was a total surprise to me. I didn't really know anything existed on Troy Hill aside from Penn Brewery until I went for a ride through the area this past weekend. While passing through I noticed Billy's, it was open, the steeler game was about to start.... Why not check it out?!  The interior is dated, but clean and has some character. You enter though the bar and the dining room is on your right, this being a Sunday afternoon though, the dining room was not open. No biggie, I'll saddle up to the bar which seats about 12 people. The bartender was very nice, introduced herself and wanted to get to know me.   This seems like a mostly locals only bar, but they are very happy when people from outside the neighborhood stop in. One thing I heard several times while I was in there was "Troy Hill is getting better, more people should come here and find out."  I tried the soup of the day, chicken and corn chowder, and an order of their wings, $.60 during the Steelers games. Both were very good and made me want to come back to try more of the menu. The beer selection is a bit limited, they mostly stick with the big name domestics, but that being said, the beer is pretty darn cheap. Sam Adams Octoberfest was $2.50 a glass or $12 a pitcher!   I'll certainly be back to Billy's and I think you should go too, turns out there are things on Troy Hill!
I visited both the art and natural history museums last weekend. I majorly bummed that the large dinosaur exhibit was under refurbishment. Most of the rest of the museum is a large taxidermy exhibit - not my thing.  In addition, the art museum, although nice, did not live up to the "major impressionist collection" rep it has. Maybe I'm just spoiled with Philly museums, but this one was a bit of a disappointment. Major thumbs down to the museum for not notifying visitors ahead of time that the statue room was shut down for a private function during the day.
The pros: Dinosaurs in Their Time is pretty cool.  The years of renovation were worth it - the former dinosaur hall is completely transformed.  Remember how everything was in straight lines and the dinosaurs were up on their big pedestals?  Now the exhibit is sort of S-shaped, the walls are painted with colorful murals, the support columns are disguised as trees, there are plants around the dinosaurs and dead leaves underneath.  Underneath every dinosaur is a nameplate with a lot of information and a touchscreen with even MORE information, including a section on how the Carnegie Museum researchers contributed to the discovery or naming of this dinosaur.  There is a lot more natural light than I remember, and there are 2 balconies that overlook the exhibits for more photo opportunities.  There is also an extensive timeline of the Carnegie Museum's expeditions and contributions to paleontology, and a timelapse video of the renovations.  The cons: The rest of the history museum is pretty lame compared to this new and awesome exhibit.  The biggest examples are the 2nd floor Halls of African and North American Wildlife and the 3rd floor Birds hall.  Big cases of taxidermy in a wood-paneled room with dim lighting - hardly thrilling.  The 3rd floor Polar World is starting to look dated too.  Even the fonts used date the exhibits.  Admission is now $15 for adults, $11 for students (free for Pitt students!).  This does get you into the Carnegie Museum of Art also, but I'm usually tired after doing the whole history museum so I never get over to the art side.  I would recommend seeing the dinosaurs, then skipping the rest of the history museum if you've been there before.  The Dinosaurs in Their Time would get five stars on its own, but the rest of the museum is lagging behind unfortunately.
Pittsburgh is viewed by many as a 3rd rate city - it is most certainly not. the carnegie museum(s) and surrounding area alone prove what a great city pittsburgh really is. ive only visited this museum once, and i hate it when yelpers have one bad outing as their only experience and give a 1 star rating. GROW UP PEOPLE. that being said - theres plenty negative things to say about this place. lots of wasted space. i was astounded by the large area (and time i spent) wasted on replicas! its great for the children to see, dont get me wrong. but "ok heres some more fake stuff from 'a long time ago' from the other side of the world." and the fake jemstones...i just dont get why i would go to a museum to look at what basically amounts to counterfeits. also, the day i was there was very empty, dead in most every area. that is normally a blessing, but at this place it gives the nazi 'security' staff members your personal undivided attention. they have a rule here that your backpack only be carried ON ONE SHOULDER, and if you are wearing it properly on both shoulders they yell at you. i had 2 women who (after asked 2 or 3 times) followed me around from room to room and stared at me waiting for me to move a strap off my arm....or course being an immature man-child i gave her what she wanted. "that backpack looks too heavy for you! come down with me and check it in a locker." yeah right lady...it was baffling to me why they would insist on this as a huge deal, so i asked someone "in charge" later (while i was being rule-abiding one shoulder museum goer) and she explained that "people that wear their backpacks correctly forget that theyre wearing them, and turn around abruptly and knock over things or people"!!! [oops i forgot that im wearing this on my back, and have now knocked over this fake inexpensive museum piece]. i asked her if she realized its not good for the bags OR your back to wear them incorrectly and she said the museum is more important than those things. then - with my pack on one shoulder - i said "oh...ok" then whipped my backpack around and hit her on the side, because i forgot it was there! (immature manchild)  ugh.  but it is a very nice place. beautiful on the outside and many cool paintings and scultpures. quite resonable entrance fee. great location. they let you take photographs inside. it seems like it would be great for children.
Tasty traditional, not trendy and tempermental. Greens & beans rock! Dining here is as if your best friend invited you to tag along to Sunday dinner at his chef Uncle Nino's place. BYOB of Chianti to pair with the solid unpretentious food in a modest setting with a nostagic wait-staff. Long before the open kitchen concept became a hot topic, this cook's line has turned out many a quality  plate over the years.
Food: menu will appeal to vegetarians and non-vegetarians, with daily dinner specials, separate lunch (sandwiches) and dinner (entrees) menus, both soups were vegetarian (according to the waitress, never heard of vegetarian minestrone before), I ordered penne with multiple veggies and a white wine sauce, it was above average but not great, soup was good, a bowl of bread sticks was on the table and replaced regularly, salad was average size and quality  Price: dinners range from $12-18 with most toward the higher end of that range, not expensive, but the quality of the food probably deserves the lower end of that scale  Drinks: BYOB  Atmosphere: sports bar-family restaurant type setting, with pictures of athletes all over the wall, but better than sports bar quality food and service  Service: waitress refilled water many times, was on the ball and timely, answered all questions about the menu  (+): good service, reasonable prices, good but not great food  (-): nothing wrong with Legends, but also nothing spectacular  Would I go back again? I wouldn't drive to the North Side to eat here, but if I was in the North Side, it would be at the top of the list, particularly if friends/family were at AGH (directly across the street).
I feel like I'm being generous with my star allocation.  But I also feel that I need to be a bit forgiving since I've been sick the past few days and my tastebuds are a bit off.    That being said the friends I was with also didn't seem overly impressed by the food, so I think I'm being generous and the rating should be more like 2.5.  I ordered the spinach ravioli and they were just ok.  There was way too much sauce and I guess I anticipated it to taste a bit more basily or something - it did say basil cream sauce, but what I got just seemed like a whole lotta tomato vodka sauce.  The spinach and ricotta didn't have much flavor, but perhaps that was due to my diminished lack of taste these few days with being sick.  All I could taste was the tomato sauce and that to me does not make a great or particularly good meal.    Oh and to top it off the $4/person corkage fee is outrageous.
So....what do you say when a highly rated place let's you down??  It was okay....  When a meal rocks my world, I usually want to lick the bowl clean, yes, like a dog.  I did not, sadly, feel that way about this place.  It IS BYOB but the catch is it's $4 PER glass.  Yep, that's right, not per table my friend.  Keep that in mind.  I got the greens and beans on recommendation from many Yelpers on here.  Maybe I just don't have the taste for it, but I thought it was weird, watery and....not good.  I also thought it was going to be green beans and it was kidney beans and spinach that tasted like a warm Caesar salad.  No thanks....  I ordered the Penne Vodka, which is my fav meal to order at Italian restaurants.  I also like to add a meatball on if it's homemade.  It was, in fact, confirmed to be homemade so I was all over it!  The meatball itself was delicious.  I love a bread-y meatball.  You know the type.  Soft and packed with flavor.  It was the winner of the night.  The vodka sauce was good, but I wanted way more.  Now I have to preface this by saying I'm a total sauce-aholic.  I love me a good amount of sauce, this didn't even come close.  Then I looked over at Serena R's plate, and her ravioli (which I thought was the same) was SWIMMING in it!  So I stole some of hers....  Would I come back?  If someone really wanted to.  But I have a hunch there's way better Italian places to dine at in the Burgh...so now I'm on the hunt!  I gotta connect with my roots, ya' know?
Yay! I finally got to try Legends North Shore after having the place booked mark for a few months now and so can cross this place off my list. After walking in, Legends North Star is small but homey which was nice. The place was not filled so we had our pick of tables. Our waitresses were sweet and did not kick us out after we remained at our table to finish wine 30 minutes after closing.   Legends North Shore provides bread to munch on. Crunchy airy pieces that don't fill you up entirely before the entree which I so often do and they provide a bottle with seasoned olive oil (which was kind of oily on the outside). I tried the Tuesday 99 cent green and beans special along with a salad and spaghetti and meatballs. I wasn't sure what the green and beans were but they were cheesy and salty but very watery. I thought they were tasty but confused if what I ate were indeed what greens and beans were suppose to be. The salad was fresh but nothing special, and I felt the same for the spaghetti and meatballs (made in house from the meatball to the pasta). I feel that when you go to an Italian restaurant you can judge how well they cook based on classic dishes. I couldn't stop eating the spaghetti and meatballs though I felt full half way through. I thought the meal was overall good though not anything spectacular and pricey for what it was - ~$18 ($17 for spaghetti and meatballs and $.99 for the greens and beans plus some tax). Maybe if they knocked a few bucks off to $13 or $14 or so it would be more reasonable imho. Also points are deducted for the corkage fee of $4 per person, not per bottle. We were not aware so they basically made an easy $16 bucks from the four of us at dinner.
This is a really small restaurant and is BYOB. The servers are friendly and the food was good. I ordered two appetizers (small plates) which were very good - greens and beans and then muscles. The flavours were both good, but the muscles were served with multiple closed shells which for the small portion was a negative. I don't have much to say about this experience....It was just a-ok.
legends is losing a star. for being closed for lunch on Saturdays! who does that?
Legends is good...but not special. It's just your typical Italian-American restaurant, but with a shorter menu than most. Huge portions of pasta, as expected. Started with Mussels Diablo which were good, but we had a lot of closed shells. I had the Penne alla Vodka and the sauce was good, especially with fresh basil leaves. The pasta was a bit overcooked. Basically, if you're Italian you know how to make this food at home. That doesn't make it bad, just A-OK!  The party next to us brought a bottle of grape Pucker vodka and tonic water as their BYOB. Hey, whatever works...
Legends of the North Shore on the top 25 restaurants in Pittsburgh list? I would have to disagree. I joined a three dining companions for dinner on a recent Friday night. When I walked in, I was shocked by how incredibly tiny it is inside. We were crammed at a table next to a large party. Our server was very matter of fact and to the point. What I would expect eating at a dinner, not a nice Italian restaurant. I decided to order the Penne Vodka with prosciutto and the wedding soup. The soup was nothing memorable. I enjoyed the crisp bread (foccacia) and oil better. When the entree's arrived, I was surprised that my Penne vodka was garnished with prosciutto. I assumed from the menu that there would be more proscuitto than a thin two inch slice on top of the dish. Overall, the sauce was very good. Not too creamy, not to tomatoey. However, I enjoyed my husband's gnocchi bolognese much more. The gnocchi was tender and the sauce was flavorful and meaty. All in all, I doubt I will be heading back to Legends. With so many great restaurants in Pittsburgh, Legends doesn't make my list.
This was my boyfriend's choice for his birthday dinner. We had both heard great things, plus we love BYOB spots.  I'll start with saying that the service was great. Our waitress made us feel like regulars that have been frequenting the restaurant for years.  We both ordered specials. They were different preparations of fish. Both were really good. Everything we tasted was wonderful.  The downfall was when we got the check. The specials were both $30+. They were good - but not that good! You can find great Italian food elsewhere and skip the $100 tab.
Stopped by for lunch and was greeted by great-looking focaccia coming out of the oven. Based on that view, I decided to have the eggplant foccacia. It came with homemade Italian wedding soup, which was good with fresh veggies.  It also came with delicious bread and seasoned oil for dipping-- excellent!  The eggplant was good, but honestly, the sun dried tomato and olive tapenade did not enhance the sandwich. It would have rocked with a homemade marinara instead.   The waitress was friendly in a casual way, and the atmosphere was warm and contemporary.  I will try something else next time, as it is worth a return visit!
We have been wanting to try Legends of the North Shore for a long time and since we were right across the street yesterday, we seized the lunch opportunity. It was not what I expected at all. Tiny I expected because I'd seen it driving by many times. Diner-esque inside, completely unexpected. I knew they are BYOB but after eating lunch here, I can't imagine any scenario where I'd take more than a couple of beers with me. Not a place to linger over a bottle of wine. Tables on top of each other, cramped and kind of a low end divey diner, uh uh.  I wanted the mussels for lunch but was told they were out of them. Not terribly disappointed because our server had just run through the lunch specials and one had caught my attention enough that I mentally considered changing my mind anyway. A fried zucchini plank sandwich with melted mozzarella and side of sauce. I do love a good zucchini plank and had never heard of anyone creating a sandwich out of them, so no hardship to change my order.   That was a greasy, good lunch sandwich....heavy on the greasy but, I've always loved some tasty 'fried deliciousness!'  Hubs had the sausage sandwich... good...but mine was the clear winner. Starter soups were homemade and tasty. Hubby had black bean and I had the chicken pastine, aka wedding soup. The broth rivaled my premium homemade Christmas chicken soup broth so no complaints on that.   Overall: ambiance 1star, mine and hubby's sandwiches 3 stars, soup 4 stars. Average is a 3 - not rushing back but I'd clearly have lunch there again, if I'm across the street.
I'm pretty much committed to trying EVERY BYOB restaurant around so this was on my list for a long time. Friends told me it wasn't worth it but I persisted to the point that we went there for lunch yesterday. My first reaction was not a pleasant one. The cheap plastic chairs, the small close together tables, the tacky decorations, not a good feel but I pressed on.   Now, I didn't avail myself of the BYOB (might have resulted in a higher rating!!) and it was only lunch so I can't comment on dinner. Regrettably, I won't ever try them for dinner so this is the best I can offer.  I think Legends in their name only applies to the sports heroes and not any legendary food experience you'll find here.   The place is essentially a diner. Diner atmosphere, diner chairs, diner specials, diner everything. Not that I don't appreciate diners, I do. But this atmosphere is BLAH.  I'd rate it a max of 2 stars. Max.   Food on the other hand is ok. Not great. Ok. Worth going out of your way for? Absolutely not. I had the Parma hot sausage with a bowl of black bean soup- both things I love!!! We're these memorable? Not in the least. It's generous to say they were adequate. "Mama's gravy", a marinara sauce of sorts, was lackluster and flavorless. The sausage was just a split link of hot sausage and something I could replicate at home with ease. The black bean soup was listless and uninspired. Sad because i was expecting (hoping?) for so much more.  I wish I had ordered the chicken parm that the guys pressing up against me from behind ordered. It looked way better. But I'll not have that chance cause I won't be going back. I'll drive by this place a thousand times to go to other more deserving places on the Northside.   Sorry. Didn't do it for me.  Can't even imagine coming here for dinner with a bottle of wine. Would be awful.  I wanted to give it 2 stars but felt a little generous today. Plus, I thought if I worked down the block, I'd probably come here for lunch. But never would I go out of my way to go here.
Rated one of Pittsburgh's best in 2012 I was excited to enter Legends and prepare for  what was sure to be an amazing meal. Upon entering Legends, you get the immediate "hole in the wall" vibe (a vibe that I love) with diner style tables and chairs.   We started with the margarita bruschetta. This was delicious increasing my already high expectations. Our waitress came back- I ordered the Penne Vodka and was excited, but overwhelmingly disappointed. The sauce, although good, is simply ordinary. I've been to countless Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh and could name at least 20 better than Legends.    Had Legends not received substantial praise I may have not been so disappointed, but when you're touted as one of the best I expect nothing short. To their benefit the restaurant is BYOB, maybe this gets so much praise because everyone's drunk before their meal is served...  Food C+, Service B-
Update:  Chef Dan read my review (below) and was kind enough to refund the meal. As stated in my original review I should have sent the meal back right away, so that part is on me. Great quality customer service.   When I go which is probably about a half-dozen times a year for the past several years.  I usually just order the Beans and Greens.  This past Friday evening I did something different, I ordered the special which sounded divine.  Blackened ahi tuna with two different kinds of ravioli asparagus and mushrooms topped with artichoke hearts covered with a cream sauce.  Well when the dish arrived I thought it was my dinner companion's meal because all I saw at first was the ravioli.  My friend was confused as well because she thought the fish, the tuna was replaced with salmon, was an unripe tomato.  It was in fact the smallest piece of salmon I had ever been served in a restaurant barring a piece of salmon sushi.  My friend joked that maybe because I was wearing a kimono jacket they thought I want a bonsai salmon.  Now I blame myself for not sending it back, this is what I should have done.  Now it gets worse.  The bill comes, my dish was $36.  Sticker shock and disappointment to say the least.  Given that the entrees at Legend's are in the $18-25 range I thought that the high-end of that range would be the price of this special.  Ah well Legend's if I do return I will go back to the Beans and Greens.  If you go and are tempted to order the special, ask the price.
Good food, nothing too "amazing", a bit overpriced for what they offer, but a good little quaint place to eat. Salad looked very nice, although they were stingy on the dressing, also only have 2 kind of dressings; Balsamic and ranch. Soups could have been a bit more full in the cups. I had the fettuccine Alfredo, and it was in all honesty an average meal of fettuccine, wasn't too impressed with it. But hey, if you're looking to try something new and don't mind spending a few extra bucks, give it a try!
Been here a few times.  Decent place that always rates 3-4 stars
OK-- I need to stick up for this store after reading these other reviews.  I live nearby and have shopped here multiple times a week for the past year or so.  I find this store to be consistently clean and the employees to be helpful, polite, and efficient.  Despite being much smaller than most Giant Eagle stores, this one offers a decent selection of international foods, organic products, and vegetarian/vegan items.  I regularly buy produce here and see no difference between the quality/freshness of what this store offers and what other Giant Eagle stores sell.  The main difference in the produce section is, truly, the lack of dim, directional lighting that new and newly renovated stores use to give their produce that false garden-fresh glow.  Harsh overhead lighting doesn't create much of a mood, but at least I can see clearly enough to choose the freshest items.  As for all the remarks about this store's clientele...wow.  It's amazing how people in the politically-correct 21st century manage to find new ways to express 19th-century bigotry.  All the comments about "thugs" and "bums" and "EBT cards"?  Why don't you just say what you mean?  Better yet, just stay in the homogenous suburbs where you can buy your mood-lit grapes among "your kind."  No, this isn't the world's greatest grocery store.  Yes, I sometimes fantasize that it will close and a Trader Joe's will move in.  But it's not the terrifying, stinking hellhole full of rotten food and sneering employees that these other reviews portray it to be.  In dozens of trips here, I've never had anything but an ordinary, inoffensive shopping experience.  Do you really need more from a small, neighborhood grocery store?
It wasn't as horrid as the reviews would lead you to think. Just don't expect a gleaming suburban-style mega-mart and you will be fine.
Why all the hate for this Giant Eagle? Sure it's not in the ritzy part of town but they have everything all the other Giant Eagles have. I've never gone here and not found what I needed. Don't be scared of people just because they are different than you. This Giant Eagle gets the job done and is fine by me! BTW the charmingly ghetto picture is hilarious and we'll fitting! Bravo!
I'm not really sure how to go about this review. My nails look great and a full set here is $25. They do hand-painted french manicures which turn out really nice. $5 extra per polish color.   I'm going to also say that this salon isn't for everyone. There are no peaceful water fountains and no soothing music. Actually, the only music playing during my visit was "Drunk in Love" by Beyonce from the Grammy's via laptop. (although I'm sure everyone can admit that performance was hotttt. I didn't mind watching it again)  I was in & out in a half hour, 35minutes and Kim did a very nice job on my nails- I would personally recommend Kim. The other nail lady was texting while working on someone's nails. Even though the girl was only 10, she might make that a habit. Oh no no no.   I stopped in because I always ask my (only 3) friends in Pittsburgh where they go to get their nails done, and they all have answered "Nails Today on the North Side"  Again, this salon is not for everyone. However, if you're pressed for time, money (a quick $30 & you're good to go) and can handle the (sometimes loud) clientele, try them out.
Better than Soho down the street. Fairly original menu. Reasonably priced.
I have been to Atria locations around the city - but this was my first time at the Atria's location at PNC Park on the North Shore of Pittsburgh. My young professional group had an event there last night, so it was a good chance to check it out. Our event was held upstairs, and since we had a small group, they wouldn't guarantee the private room downstairs. It worked for the most part, but those of us that sat in the back had trouble hearing the speakers, and the lights were dim. The noise from the diners downstairs plus the house music carried through and at times it was very loud and hard to hear. I would say that it's a good place for a group dinner, but not for a speaking event. I can't comment on food/drink as I didn't have any. The atmosphere is nice BUT I wasn't too impressed with the layout of the whole place. Didn't see to have a good flow to it. Also, the bathrooms upstairs where our event was were out of order, so everyone had to go downstairs to use the restrooms.
I love coming to PNC Park in the Summer. If i get here early enough i stop by atria's and have a scotch, Johnny Walker, rocks, no water, what did that scotch ever do to you? When i was eating meat I'd get the lobster bisque or a huge plate of pot roast nachos. The meat that covered those nachos were perfectly cooked with a nice char outside, moist and succulent inside. Lots of cheese and other nacho fixens. Good Stuff!  The burgers here are just as glorious, nice crisp outside, moist and tender inside, good bun, great bacon if i ordered it. Atria's is a great restaurant in PNC Park, but when i go to PNC Park, I want ballpark food. So I head to Atria's when the Bucs are out of town.
Having lived near this Atria's location in the past, I can say that I've spent more than my fair share of time at the PNC Park Atria's. My wife and I stopped in this past week, and for me, I was reminded of why I enjoy Atria's...but this having been our first time at Atria's together, and witnessing my wife's experience, I realized why the place could garner such low reviews.  For someone like myself, who's actually had enough positive and negative food experiences at Atria's to know exactly what to order and what to steer clear of, I can make the experience a positive one, but that's a situation I'm afforded now thanks to my previous patience and convenience. My wife, opting to stray from my suggestions had an awful dinner. Her plate of bland fish and asparagus left her turned off completely. Luckily, we were using a gift card, so it wasn't as frustrating for her as it could've been. Regardless, walking away from an entire plate of food is disheartening.  That led me to realize this: If you're only at Atria's once, you're odds aren't that great of having a good experience. That's just the reality of the situation. There are a handful of really good things on the menu that I LOVE. The parmesan crusted chicken is really good, although it can sometimes be a little too oily. The pot roast is excellent, but it's way too heavy for most of the year...ESPECIALLY during baseball season when they're busier. Their chili is really on-point...especially paired with their bread, and the salmon salad is excellent. Although, I don't like the salmon, so I swap the salmon for chicken for a great salad option. The carrot cake is insanely good, but truth be told, it's not homemade. I could care less, though, as it's still some of the best carrot cake I've ever eaten. Period. Other notable items are the pot roast nachos, crab cakes, red skin smashed potatoes, and the reuben.  That's really where the positives end, though. I've learned to steer clear of the burgers because of the inconsistency with which they're prepared. I've received more undercooked burgers at Atria's than any other restaurant, and it's just not worth the gamble anymore. My filets have always been perfectly-prepared, but the one time I got a strip it was practically burned on one side and undercooked on the other. Failing to cook burgers and steaks correctly isn't that surprising, but deciding to serve them to customers despite their incorrect preparation IS surprising...and poor.  I know that the last time I had salmon on my salad, the fish tasted "off" and I paid the price for it later. I've never given a single fish meal a chance there since (we're talking years now). Hence, my request for chicken on my salads now. Most of the meals that I've had are average, and I've practically tried the entirety of the menu over the years, so believe me when I say it.  Why do I continue to go? Well, because the few items that I do love, are crave-worthy, and having become a regular (less so, nowadays), the service that I received at the bar was always excellent. Daniel and Roy have always provided  great service to me, and good service goes the distance, as far I'm concerned, so it's been worth stopping in from time-to-time. Unfortunately, if I can't sit at the bar, I don't always stick around, as the service at the tables is really hit-or-miss. For every good server they have, they have two more that could care less about their jobs...especially during peak times.  Regardless, this is my favorite Atria's location, because it's the least "stuffy" and pretentious location of them all, but there's still a lot of room to improve...and I hope it does.
Atria's is a pretty good restaurant if you're at or near PNC Park - as expected from anything located in a ballpark it's not the best restaurant ever but it's consistently decent.  On different visits I have tried the Margherita Flatbread and Cheese Dip which were both fine (although the fried pita chips were really salty) as well as the Diablo pasta which was okay and the Pork Filet Gorgonzola which was quite good.  In an ideal world I would walk over the bridge and eat at a more unique restaurant downtown but when I have to choose from something nearby Atria's is one of the better choices.  A number of my colleagues prefer this as their go-to restaurant and while I'm not quite as enamored as them I definitely consider this an A-OK restaurant and I'll be back.
I was neither particularly pleased nor dissatisfied with my lunch experience here... It was just "meh." It's kinda pricey for what you get, but the service is prompt and friendly and the music is fun and modern.  They serve a mean crab bisque. It was deliciously creamy, quite generous with the crab meat and very filling without that nasty sick after-feeling. The coconut shrimp (with a nice crunchy, coconut-y breading) was also very tasty, and the portion was satisfyingly large for an app! The house salad was just a typical salad of iceberg and romaine lettuce drenched in shredded cheddar cheese and sprinkled with a few other veggies. Nothing special.  Just a random quirk I noticed:  for being a rather classy restaurant, I was surprised that they didn't add a slice of lemon to my glass of water (though I'm sure you could ask for it).    Would I recommend the place? Probably not but it was certainly not a bad experience! Just one that didn't stand out for the money you'll spend.
There are not many options for good dining on the North Shore and by process of elimination this is where we ended up during a Pirates game.  We were seated pretty quickly and they have options for indoor and outdoor dining. It was opening day and quite crowded but our server did a nice job. I started off with a Corona. My big disappointment was they had a special game day menu and it was very limited with not many options.  I went with the cobb salad and it was very good-fresh veggies and a nice portion size.  I do think that the prices are a little high.
Average experience. The entrees that we chose (chicken marsala and chicken piccata) were fine but under seasoned. The cheese plate was the best part of the meal: four cheeses selected and served by Carole "dear heart" from Penn Mac. Exceptional choices, good crusty bread and she's lovely and a Pittsburgh institution.   Service was spotty. I was there representing my company. We produced the music that evening. I'm not sure if the server assumed that we wouldn't be ordering food or what, but after we ordered the cheese course and wine, he came back only to attempt to take away our menus not to take our order. I had to ask to order entrees. It was just odd. I've heard similar things from others that have been there on our music nights.
I decided to check out downtown Pittsburgh on my trip for a family visit recently. We took a walk around the area and this location caught our eye. It had outdoor seating and was right outside of PNC Park. We decided on the Pot Roast nachos as an appetizer. It was pretty good. Nice chunks of Pot Roast and various cheeses. I than decided on the Atria combo which had andouille sausage, Perogies, Chicken and Sauerkraut. I figured that this would be something different. The sausage was great and so were the perogies. I did not care for the chicken too much. It was dark meat with bread crumbs. I prefer white meat so that was probably the reason. I also tasted my friends steak  hoagie. I am from the area so I have had better. It was a little dry and not enough cheese and onions. The outdoors ambiance was great! Pittsburgh has a great downtown. Nothing like Detroit. It was alive, various things to do and was a beautiful city. Overall the restaurant was a good experience. The waiter was great and funny also. We also talked to some people sitting beside us. it made for a good time. However, I would opt for another place when I visit again.
This is more of a 3.5 star rating. I visited this restaurant with a large group of about 40 people before going to a show at the New Hazlett Theater. We were seated upstairs and ate a buffet-style dinner (the dishes had already been picked). The two waiters who took care of us were extremely friendly and efficient, and they made sure we would leave in time for our show. While we waited for the food to come out, they served us drinks, but the waiter stopped offering straws after the first couple tables.  When the food came out, they let a few tables help themselves at a time. They provided us with three different types of plates (large square ones, rectangular ones, and small circular ones), which I found odd. We had three entrees in the buffet line: Chicken Marsala, Tomato Vodka pasta, and Parmesan Crusted Tilapia.  Chicken Marsala: flavorful, tender chicken served with mashed potatoes. I really enjoyed the potatoes because they had a distinct potato flavor, unlike most butter-heavy ones. However, I wish they were more generous with the tomatoes and mushrooms in the dish. There was no vegetable-based dish in our entire meal, and I missed them.  Tomato Vodka pasta: penne cooked with just a little bite left in a yummy tomato sauce with a couple leaves of spinach here and there. Again, I wished there was a lot more spinach in the dish. Also, the pasta was a little sauce-heavy.  Parmesan Crusted Tilapia: the fish was crispy and delicious, the angelhair pasta was cooked perfectly, and the tomato sauce was good. I grabbed some pasta near the edge that hadn't been touched by sauce, so I liked the amount. No vegetables, though.  Afterwards, they brought out a tray of bite-size desserts for us. I don't see any of them on their menu, so I'm not sure how the organization ordered them. Both the cheesecake flavors I tried (raspberry and almond) were delicious--the cheesecake was really light and airy, and the flavors really came through without being overly sweet or overpowering. They also had strawberry halves and chocolate chip cookies, which were soft and cakey--not the best I've ever had, but pretty good. Also, there were these little squares that, as far as I could tell, were squares of iced cake covered in chocolate. These were way too sweet for my taste. Mine looked like chocolate everything, but there were also white-chocolate covered squares, and other squares with different colors inside (different flavors of icing, perhaps?).  Overall, I enjoyed the food, but I'd like to try a greater variety before giving four full stars (and see if there are any vegetable-heavy ones). However, this restaurant is a little too expensive for me to return any time soon. The service was great.
Although my meat was dry, the food overall was delicious: my chicken breast smothered in mushrooms and onions with cheddar jack cheese, the homemade chips, and my wife's "Pittsburgher" kielbassi slices with pierogies, sour cream, sauerkraut, and mustard.  We were not brought or offered bread.  What brought down this rating was service problems which obviously were not the fault of our server.  I appreciated that the restaurant offered me a reservation when Open Table indicated that nothing was available on this day. The hostess did not seem to know how to handle a reservation and I do not believe that our arrival was matched to it. She asked another individual for assistance and I believe that person told her simply to seat us. After more than ten minutes had passed after we were seated without a server coming to the table, the hostess came over to ask if she could take a drink order.  She was not able to answer my question about whether the featured beers were draft or bottled.  Soon thereafter, our server, a charming and gracious young man, came to take the drink order.  We asked him to take our dinner order as well, given that this was stacking up to be a very lengthy meal.  More than fifteen minutes later, our entrees came, but no sign of my wife's wine and my beer.  I asked the young man who brought the food about our drinks and a few minutes later, our server came over, apologized, and told us how backed up the bar was.  He graciously told us that the drinks would be complimentary.  We received them more than five minutes after the arrival of our entrees.  These were not mixed drinks requiring anything special to dispense, simply beverages that had to be poured.  For almost the entire time we were there, a band was playing inside at a volume that was deafening.  We could not possibly have had our meal inside near the band as it would have been necessary to use sign language to converse and to order. We were seated outside as far away from the music as possible, yet it was still difficult to speak to each other over the din.  Additionally, the placement of the band in a small room makes it particularly difficult to snake in and out when coming in to use the restroom. The menu at this Atria's is a bit different from the traditional locations and some of the prices are not the same for items that are identical.  The homemade chips are $2.99 at traditional Atria's locations, $3.99 at PNC Park for a smaller portion.
I have enjoyed dining at Atria's over the years.  I used to love their Pot Roast Nachos, but a few years ago they changed the recipe (the pot roast is nowhere near as generous as it used to be).  But I would say the food is reliably good, and the service is generally excellent (except when they are overwhelmed on game days).    I do have a great story about meeting Hulk Hogan at this location once, so I do have a special fondness for Atria's.  They are well managed and local.    But the dining scene in Pittsburgh has become a lot more creative, I think Atria's needs to keep up and offer something new and different.  Until then, it's still pretty good and fairly reliable.
This would probably be a 4-star review if I'd brought a younger kid. My 7 year-old DD had fun for about an hour and then was done - just not as much for her age group. The thing she loved the most (by FAR) was the gravity room - she ran through it about 30 times, trying to not "fall" down the floor. I liked the projector kaleidoscope where you used different fabric swatches to change the picture.   Other than that, it felt like any other children's museum - fun enough for the kids, tiresome for the adults.   Oh - but as a child of the 70s, I did find it very cool to see Mr. Rogers' puppets in the cases - never thought I'd see King Friday in person.
Okay hold the phone, I wouldn't call Pickles an Emporium.  I haven't actually eaten their sandwiches, what I typically order is the bacon cheddar fries, which are pretty damn tasty for a pizza shop.  Anyway on the bacon Cheddar fries there is tons of melted cheese and real bacon!!!  Oh yeah  a total guilty pleasure.    Anyway, I was raised eating at Pickles. This was our go to pizza place at home but not due to quality, but more do their willingness to deliver to our house.  In the neighborhoods I live in "the pizza man don't deliver around here anymore."     For some tasty fries, I would highly recommend Pickles, for anything else I would suggest going else where.
Working in Allegheny Center Mall and being without a car, there aren't many food options.  Pickles is one of the options and it has the added bonus that it is within walking distance but they also offer delivery.  I have dined at the establishment and ordered take out several times.   Dining in can be real adventure because of the neighborhood Pickles is in.  One experience we had was fine, another we were approached for money twice on the way in and two additional people came into the restaurant asking for money.  My favorite menu item is the chicken fingers.  They come with fresh cut fries and cheese sauce.  I usually ask for blue cheese instead.  I've also had several sandwiches which were also tasty.  Nothing is out of this world memorable and worthy of adding stars, but nothing is objectionable either.    If you order delivery, pay in advance with your credit or debit card.  The two times I've paid with cash, the delivery person claimed they didn't have change.   I had a $20 for a $7 order and was certainly not going to give that large a tip.  Thankfully there is another business in the mall that was able to give me change, but it was rather frustrating that a delivery person did not have change available.  Overall a decent food option for those living or working in the Allegheny Commons area.
Went there for lunch today. Needing some food other than hospital food. Short walk to it from Allegheny General.   Thought about ordering lunch special,  but she said if we wanted more than two slices get the pizza on sale. 10 slice pizza for $8.25 and one topping.   Great pizza. Crust was excellent, tiny bit of garlic and lightly sweet. Ham was tasty Canadian bacon. Nice size to for price.  Pop sold by can at .85cents.  Lady at counter said she made crust and bread from scratch,  we could tell.  I would have given it a 4 star but bathroom cleanliness held them back. I didn't add the street people into my review. The street is being revitalized so a lot of businesses are open and some closed. If it was farther from the liquor store the street people would not have been so plentiful.
Something about the sauce makes me like their pizza.  I think it has a sweet taste to it.  They'll make special requests if you ask them.  Customers and accompanying foot traffic outside is a bit rough in this area of the northside lol.  I like the old school crane arcade machine near the counter.  Dining area is a bit small.  Sometimes doesn't seem like the cleanest joint around, but works for me!
The ribs were great with mild sauce.  The chicken with hot sauce was ok.  Hot sauce was nice and hot,  but not the greatest flavor.  Mild sauce was delicious.  Slaw wasn't very good.  Mac salad was good.  Collard greens... Well,  not for me...   Definitely worth a visit.
A brick wood-fired smoker with a cast iron door, a stainless steel prep table with cutting boards, cooler case, a cash register, and a man who has been tending the coals well beyond your time.  Wilson's is what a great BBQ place should be.  Simple.   There is no sense in overanalyzing what Mr. Wilson has been doing here for years.  He's not a competition circuit smoker, not a modern restaurateur spreading his seed across Pittsburgh, and certainly no hipster chef serving ingredients grown in his rooftop garden.  Ribs. Chicken. Sauce.  The slow smoked spare ribs, sold by the plate size or full rack, are smoked just long enough to make the rib bones protrude from the top of the slab but not long enough so the meat is "falling off the bone"... tender and juicy, but enough bite to let you know that you're eating the flesh off an animal.  The color and texture of the surface aren't overwhelming in flavor but give you just enough crust and seasoning to let you experience the strata of bark / meat / fat.  For those that don't like fat, you'll complain about the ribs.  Spares have a tendency to hold a bit more fat within the meat fibers, particularly the section around the tips that are usually trimmed for a St. Louis cut.  you want low fat? Eat a pork loin or a handful of grass.  The chickens are halved and smoked right alongside the ribs. The skin had nice chew, a good simple rub, and cooked beyond the point of any gummy texture but not so long that it was a layer of armor surrounding the meat.  The dark meat was succulent and the white meat maintained just the right amount of moisture.  As requested, everything was served with the hot BBQ sauce.  Not mind blowingly hot, but a well rounded picquant flavor with a bit of black pepper on the tip of the tongue.  Tomato base with a bit of vinegar, good enough to compliment the meat and fat of both animals.  As for sides, the collard greens are tender and you'll come across the occasional gold nugget of pork.  The coleslaw and macaroni salad are simple and a bit underseasoned, but when eaten in tandem with the meat and sauce they compliment everything just fine.  Mr. Wilson also caps off an order with the true stamp of great bbq... white bread. A vessel to mop up all the rib shrapnel swimming in the pool of sauce at the bottom of your styrofoam container.  It's not the cleanest, it's not the classiest... why?  It's a rib shack in an old house that's been here for going on 53 years.  It may not be the best barbecue you'll ever eat, but in a city with new restaurants popping up every week that all try to outduel each other with trendy ingredients, it's nice to know that I can walk in through an old screen door and be slapped in the face with a stiff breeze of smoking pork... without having to worry about anyone selling me small portion size, extravagant presentation, and a list of 35 ingredients to compose a single dish.
Wait, what?  Pittsburgh has a football team?  I hadn't noticed.  Maybe if this whole town showed some pride for their team, perhaps by displaying the team's colors, they could come to be enthusiastic about them.  Just a thought.  Also: I am entertained that I was able to check into an inanimate object.  More of a concept, really.
I will admit the chipped ham sandwich was good. It was tender and salty and soft on the wheat bread. But this is just a deli. More like a bodega than anything actually. The signage is classic and the neighborhood, especially Ohio Street, is a delight. Isaly's is a Pittsburgh legend, but more sentiment for yesteryear than anything.
The current era which is now on a 17 seasons under .500 streak is just horrid and deserves one star at best. The '71 through '79 and the early '90s eras get 5 stars for having such cool players as Roberto Clemente, Willie Stargell and Spanky!  Throw in PNC Park (with ex-Bucco Manny Sanguillen's BBQ stand), the always cool black and mustard unis (bring back the '7s retro look) and the fact one day the Lumber Company wil return (when are the Bucs going to return to scouting Latin America again?).  Plus the perogy races are classic!
Okay my Pittsburgh Pirates.  You maybe deserve 2 1/2 stars this past season.  Like Joe D. says, you were in first place for a short time.  Just think--2011 could have been known as "The Season in Which We Didn't Suck".  We could have aimed for mediocrity and a .500 record.  But then you went on a bad losing streak at the end!  Arrrgh!    Well at least the Astros and the Cubs kept us out of last place!      But I give you an extra 1/2 star for having jerseys in women's sizes (ahem, Washington Wild Things http://www.yelp.com/biz/washington-wild-things-washington#hrid:BWXqf9Wwj9YVaueqHdm8jw/src:self ).  We like baseball too and the women's sizes fit us way better than the men's do.  My folks gave me one for Christmas 'cos my old one (in a man's size) wore out.  The new one fits well and looks great!
A cautious 3.5 stars here but....  S-W-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-P!  The Bucs swept the Royals in interleague play this past weekend!  And okay, I was there for the second game, not the third.  But I took my dad to the game for an early Father's Day gift.  We had a wonderful time as the Pirates defeated the Royals 5-3.  And I'm watching the Pirates with guarded optimism here.  They're off to the same great start they were last year. An article in the paper said that they were playing small ball, which must eman they're working on the little things, the fundamentals.    Now let's see if we can keep the momentum going for the rest of the season and finish with at least a winning record for a chiange.  Oh well, at least with the Chicago Cubs sucking so badly we won't be in the cellar.
Beware of purchasing partial season packages.  I bought a 2014  13 game package and they lied about post season ticket purchase opportunities.  In order to purchase tickets to 2014 post season games I was told that I had to upgrade and purchase a full 2015 season package or else buy online like the general public.  Also the exchange policy for unused tickets requires snail mail or a physical trip to the stadium office.  However the future ticket exchange is done online up to 48 hours prior to the game.    They only cater to new business full season ticket holders for post season ticket sales, existing partial season holders get no priority whatsoever.
There are two ways to go about rating my home team. Either what type of season they are having or the great players from yesteryear and now that has made this team part of the city of champions.  While it is true the Pirates are currently on a losing steak which we had suffered for 19 years straight until the last couple of seasons, there were years when we hoisted the World Series pennant and have some of our greatest players in the Baseball hall of fame.  I began watching the Pirates in my early years when they played at Forbes Field and later Three Rivers stadium both of which are now demolished. They now play at PNC park (reviewed separately) with spectacular views of the city.  PNC park pays tribute to the great players of yesteryear including Honus Wagner, Roberto Clemente, Bill Mazeroski, and Willie Stargell to name a few. There is a section at the Heinz history center devoted to the Pirates.  Our star player today is Andrew McCutcheon. Still it is a thrill for kids to run the bases as well as have special events planned when the team plays at home.  In addition the team has hosted the All Star game several times out of which I fortunate to go to one of them when they played at Three Rivers Stadium.  Still their continually losing streak is a sense of frustration since it makes going to the games somewhat worthless. It will be nice if they could turn things around as we approach the mid season to make the game more exciting.  Pirate merchandise is available both online and at PNC park and let's not forget our mascot the Pirate parrot! Go Bucs and here's hoping you can come from behind in 2016
The gyro wedgie is my go-to menu item, and it's awesome,  but I've also had their pizza, and for the price, it's just alright.  I would have rated them higher, but sometimes they just don't answer the phone during their posted business hours.  This led me to try other pizza places in the neighborhood, and I saw what I as missing. If you want a gyro wedgie, don't go anywhere else,  but if its just pizza your looking for, I highly recommend going elsewhere (Doughboys, DiPietro's, or Cerasoli's...just to name a few).
Nick's is standard pizza.  Nothing special but an enjoyable eat.  We ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza for take out.  Decent amount of toppings but not overflowing.  We also got wings.  They were ok but nothing special.  I'd come back but not go out of my way to come here.
I have come to the belief that one thing Pittsburgh has A LOT OF is pizza joints. Some better than others. With that said there is a jewel in the crown of Pittsburgh's Northside called 'Wise guys pizza'. Their menu has a lot of great gangster names and sayings, and adds a bit of mystic to ordering for first timers. Specials like 'The Don', The GODFATHER,  'the Luca Brazzi' fish and The KINGPIN. Additionally there are phrases like; side action, and a hoagie you can't refuse. While the menu is good, it isn't the star of the show. My experience with Wiseguys is that their food is a GREAT meal for a GREAT price. Their salads A#1, their wings not too greasy, fatty, OR dry. To quote my friend Goldilocks,  these wings are JUST RIGHT. Now earlier in this review I spoke of stars. The star of Friday nights show was the cheese steak hoagie. Brimming w/meat FRESH I say again fresh vegetables, and (a pgh thing) fries. Me, and my two growing carnivores left our dinner table quite sated.  Have I eaten there before yes will I eat there again oh heck yes. They are a good bang for your buck with several specials everyday. I end my reviews with this statement and my review of Wiseguys pizza will be no different. I vote with my money and feet, and rest assured that both will be making many more trips to this eatery. If you haven't tried it. Try it. It almost makes it worth your time to move into their delivery area!!!
Honestly, my mother LOVES this place whereas I on the other hand am not much a fan.  For me personally a pizza has to have a good sauce with flavor and spice. The crust has to have some volume. The cheese has to be melted and not like a thin sheet laid atop the pie. I enjoy eating pizza from here when it's my mother option to order....but for me, I need a thicker pizza with more flavor embedded into the sauce. Be sure to try it out for your self though and enjoy!
I've been going to Miller's since I was just a little tyke.  Unfortunately, over the years, this joint has gone downhill.    I think I really began to notice it when they put a big tv in the dining area.  Now you can imagine that you're home in front of your own tv while you dine.  Holy Hell.  It's a mess.    The food isn't nearly as good as it once was.  The pierogi special is good if it's on the menu - they are Pierogi Plus pierogies.  The bread is Bread Work's bread, so that's good.  My favorite thing on the menu used to be the devonshire, but only the brave try it these days.  In the grand scheme of life, this place is a fine local blue collar restaurant, but compared to the days of old the food is just blah.  ps. The ladies who wait here are always and have always been the nicest of folk.
Not a bad choice for a neighborhood pizza place. We live about 1 1/2 miles from here and they won't deliver up Brighton Road, which is kind of an annoyance. The pizza is decent, and I like their sauce. The garlic bread and breadsticks aren't too shabby. The prices are certainly reasonable. Admittedly, I've never tried the subs. And most nights when you call they put you on hold right away because there is only one person answering the phone, and that person seems to be busy cooking as well. But the pizza is leaps and bounds better than Mandy's, which is downright terrible. Not a bad little local pizza spot overall.
Them bums dont pay there federal state or local wage taxes. It is a shame that a driver was murdered and another shot doing a ghetto delivery. Fried mushrooms and shrimp basket great. Pizza not so great.
Schorr is a very good bakery that makes excellent cakes and donuts.  The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable.  I do wish they would be open after 4 pm (hours are  Mon - Sat, 7am - 4pm). This bakery has been there a long time and it's a Pittsburgh tradition.
I'm underwhelmed. Being a Mike & Tonys kind of girl, I was not really expecting a whole lot. But this meal left me feeling totally "meh". I've personally made better tzatziki sauce before. Their gyro meat has some flavor but it's way too salty for me. I give it a 3 purely for the fact that their staff is helpful and super nice. That always makes a difference to me. Still it is not going to be enough to make me want to go back. I'm sticking with my original choice!
Hummus is very good. Not a place you'd want to "go out" for dinner but great for a quick bite to eat. Would go there again.
It's a used media store chain. Not to much to say about it. I usually shy away from these places because they run the independent stores out of business. I still stand by that but I gotta say that no matter which one of these I walk into, the people working here always know they're stuff and are really cool which makes me want to buy something from them. This one is no exception, I asked the guy if I could see something on the top shelf and the guy practically ran to the back room to get a ladder, now that's service!  I still have to knock some stars off for the low trade in value they give and the fact that their prices on some stuff is pretty steep for used. Still, the employees rock!
I think I might open a store, right next door to you.
Standard Pittsburgh dive. They had Yuengling, Newcastle and Guinness on tap and basketball on the television so no complaints.
It's a bar that you can smoke in... what more do you want?  If you need to feel pretentious while you are out, you can go to Diesel which is a 3 star 'club'  The apple has dart boards and will order your favorite beer for you if you ask them.  A good crew works the bar, and my buddy lives right by there so I am there too much.  Perhaps pricier than it should be, but again:  It's a bar.  If you are looking for the cheapest place to drink, stay home with your Keystone Ice...  I like my Guinness Draught, thank you!
The apple is decent if you live within walking distance but nothing to write home about.  Average draft selection.  Didn't get into bottles but found that the bartender that happened to be working was not overly friendly.  Went for a happy hour and it was dead.  Haven't been to the Apple in years but seems like a good place to meet friends and play darts all night.  Smoker friendly.  I couldn't tell the crowd that frequents it because it was so dead.
"Divey" with a decent beer selection. Located on West Liberty Ave, locals walk here and non locals have trouble finding parking.   Bagged snacks available, good amount of televisions in the walls, Bucs, steelers, and pens games on at game time. No idea if they serve food. Wasn't there long enough, just there long enough to down a ninety minute IPA while waiting for someone to finish up their tax preparation at H&R Block down the street.   Just realized this is my 500th review on Yelp! Go me!
For six years now I have been threatening to purchase a salt lamp for my bedside table. The early spring and late summer when I'm using allergy medication like a fish uses water, I thought a little natural relief while I sleep would help alleviate the morning sneezing fits. I got one here for an Amazon price of relatively cheap. I also bought some healing stones and crystals. She also carries some impressive jewelry and stones that can be set in necklaces and brackets. The place is huge, and just when you think you've seen everything, you can walk down a hew hallway and find more things.   Great little shop that reminds me of a shop in a Stephen King novel called Needful Things. Although that shop was owned by Satan and made his customers do unspeakable things to each other, this is far from that. But you do get the feeling here that we are not alone and there are other realms to our world. Books galore on the occult, spirit worlds, shadow people, how to rid your home of evil spirits and I just wish she wasn't closing the store when I was walking in. She was nice enough to stay open until I purchased my salt lamp. I'll return and get my fill of this place and look around for four or five hours.
Moonstones is a really neat little place in Dormont....you wouldn't expect something like this to be in Dormont. You can spend quite a bit of time in there just looking at all the cool different stuff they have! The people that work there are very nice as well. It's not a place a lot of people go into I feel because they think it's "weird" or voodoo lol but it isn't, you don't have to be into anything to go in there and check stuff out. They have some cool spiritual things as well.
I've been a customer off and on for years. It's easy to get lost in browsing. Do yourself a favor and check them out.
I recently had my 21 birthday and booked Entertainment Unlimited to DJ at my party. I had talked to him we worked out types of music and a playlist that would best fit my party and it's theme. He got there on time and was set up before my party guests showed up. It was the best party I've ever had, he was interactive and got everyone dancing! Overall it was a great time and I would be happy to recommend them to anyone.
Kuhn's seems like they pride themselves on being a "Family" themed grocery store.  I've been to Kuhn's quite a few times, since they are located so close to me, and have found their products to be much more expensive than other grocery stores, and I understand that they take pride in what they offer to their customers and buy their produce locally. But, to me, as a cheap ass, I don't care how they get their products, all I really care about is the price. And their prices are too expensive.   The store itself is very small and cramped, I get confused very easily as to where to find some products.  I do like the friendly atmosphere inside Kuhn's though, all of the employees seem really nice and are eager to please and talk to you, and for that I'll give them three stars. But other than the friendliness, I'm going to Aldi, where stuff is MUCH cheaper..
Though it is cramped, smells a little funny and has a major Parkin issue most times of the day, Kuhn's is convenient.  I can find the majority of what I need and the employees I have come across have been friendly and helpful.  Their prices are average to high, but that is to be expected from a small regional store.  If you live in the area give' a shot...
Welcome to Kuhn's  Best MEATS, Best PRICES, and PRODUCE.  Forget those Fuel Perks--You pay double for everything just for Fuel Perks
Convenience and the fact that they are open 24 hours (I guess that can go with convenience). A hit or miss deli staff and cashier staff. The place is way too over priced. The produce is rarely good and is over priced. The store is stuck in the 80's and always looks dirty. I will never buy meats or seafood here because of that very reason. I would just shop at aldi, market district or shop n save if they were closer
A-OK barber shop.  Typical old school shop with 3 chairs.  My kids and I go here and they do good job including shaving the neck.  Depending on the clientele, it can be fun to listen and partake in the conversation.
I can't believe this place has not been reviewed yet.  If you live in beechview you already know about this place, but if you don't you need to try this place out if you are passing through.  At first glance, you will barely notice the bar/restaurant from the exterior.  Inside it is your typical Pittsburgh bar with a some additional seating in the back.  So you would think, why take the time to review this place.  Well they have a old-fashion popcorn machine which they offer free while you are drinking at the bar and this popcorn was phenomenal.  But it only gets better, happy hour pints for 90 cents.  So, delicious popcorn + beer= Great afternoon after work.  Well at this point, I was like wow, this little place well served its purpose for a cheap happy hour on my way home from work.   And then: The Reuben.  Now I am not the connoisseur of Reubens but, this one was absolutely flavorful.  All in All- check this place out if you are in the area and need to grab a cold one.
I was here for an initial set of lash extensions, having worn them for over a year prior. I know how to care for them and am willing to pay for the upkeep, as they make my life easier.  I had a gifted Groupon--which I'm always leery about the service you get with Groupons--but I figured this place had great reviews (for hair, mostly) and had good hours for my work schedule. My appointment about 2 weeks from my call and I showed up 10 minutes early for an appointment on the hour. We got started about 10 minutes after the hour, no biggie.  I thought the appointment finished very quickly, though I wasn't sure if I'd fallen asleep after such a long silence and a very warm room.  I was deposited at the counter after being told to come back in 4 weeks (though she told me, "I usually tell my clients to come back in 3 weeks, but you can come back in 4). My understanding of an initial natural lash application takes about 1.5-2 hours, and I didn't see anything in Sergio's descriptions that made me think differently. I was done in about 50 minutes, which I'm certain of this based on when I silenced an incoming call at the start of the appt to when I sent a text after getting back to my car. Within 2-2.5 weeks, all the lashes had fallen off, without my lash attached.  No oil-based cleanser, no water for the first 24-48 hours, and I avoid getting shampoo in my eyes when I wash my hair.  I called an let them know and they were super responsive.  The person who did my lashes was no longer there, and the woman who replaced her was great.  They gave me another initial set in the place of my 3-4 week fill that was included in my Groupon. I was asked what I was going for, and I answered "natural..maybe a little more volume, but not over the top".  This application took 1.5 hours and it passed quickly.  When I saw them, I was a bit surprised, because they were.....too much for me, much more than I've had in the past. I mentioned it to her that it was a little much, and she assured me it was a natural set.  I was a little leery, but thought that since it was a change, I needed to adjust to it.  Unfortunately, that didn't happen. My husband, who always tries to make me feel good, gave me honest feedback that they looked unlike any lashes I've ever had...and that it wasn't a good look.  That was supported by numerous other comments throughout the next day at work.  Within 24 hours, I had them removed (not at Sergio's) because they weren't felt to be "professional looking". I don't really fault Sergio's, as I should have not left there as hesitant as I was, knowing I've never had such obvious extensions before.  That, and I was already tired after a long work day and wanted to be home.   I do appreciate that they were super responsive when I had the initial problem, and would tell others to make sure to speak up.  I'm sure if I called and let them know, they would do whatever was in their power to fix it, but, at this point, my lashes are much shorter and sparser before I had gone in, so I think I'm going to cool it on the extensions.
Sushi Three is located in a strip of shops on Beverly Road, alongside a coffee shop, florist, several banks, and two pizza places.  This and Little Tokyo are, to my knowledge, the only sushi restaurants in Mt. Lebanon.  Sushi Three has an extensive menu that seems to have expanded since the last time I visited, and has lots more than just sushi.  There is a long list of appetizers, tempuras and teriyaki dishes, and some Chinese offerings.  The main focus, the sushi, takes up a large portion of the menu, and there are many different rolls, ranging from the basic kappa rolls to the complex southside roll (shrimp, smoked eel, fish flakes, cucumber, spinach, mushrooms, egg and caviar).  As a vegetarian, I appreciate the vegetable sushi platter, which I have never seen anywhere else and only costs $12.  There is even a separate vegetarian menu.  While I do appreciate the wide-ranging menu, I just can't like the atmosphere.  It's always very quiet and dark inside, and I always get the feeling of being in a cave.  I prefer to get take-out or delivery.  Overall, I prefer Little Tokyo, but with Sushi Three's improved menu and large number of vegetarian options, my rating may change soon.
Sushi selection limited...  Miso soup tasted a little fishy.
They delivered to us recently, and I wasn't ecstatic over the Shrimp Fantasy I had. The sushi was decent. Most of everything else was bland and average. I don't know if eating at the restaurant would have made a difference or not. The delivery did come on time, though. Nothing special in my book.
I had lunch here this past week and got the sushi lunch special. I was surprised to see that there were only two other tables. The restaurant was dark and provided little in the way of ambiance. For $10, the sushi lunch special included salad, miso soup, 5 pieces of sushi along with a salmon roll and green tea. As far as how much you got for the money, it was a good deal.  On the negative side, the sushi was quite average, both in terms of taste and freshness.  Little Tokyo, which is located on Washington Rd. in Mt Lebanon (about 5 minutes away) has higher quality sushi, although it's a little bit pricier. If you are looking for good sushi, it's worth the extra five minute drive.
Green Garden is not, by any means, the pinnacle of Chinese food. It is, however, a suitable meal for reasonable prices.  The staff is very friendly and casual. After so many years of eating there, they know my family and it is nice to remembered after having spent so much money there.  Our regular dishes of fried dumplings, chicken and broccoli, etc. are all well done standards of Chinese takeout. It may not be spectacular but it gets the job done.  When push comes to shove, Green Garden is an acceptable restaurant with great service. I will always be a regular (save something horrendous happens with one of our meals, but is hasn't happened yet).
Ordered General Tso's shrimp, Kung Pao chicken, soup and egg rolls. Price was slightly higher and portions maybe slightly smaller than similar stores, but food quality was certainly in line with food of this type.     The only notable ding I would give is the spicing. Both of our dishes are supposed to have a bit of spice flavor, and they are noted on the menu as spicy dishes, but there was a notable absence of spice.  There weren't even chilis in the Kung Pao sauce.  It's like someone forgot to spice the dishses.
I was in the mood for some Chinese and really wanted to try Red Tea House because I've heard really great things about it but they have strange delivery times and I was unable to pick the food up myself... so I opted for Green Garden instead.  I sampled vegetable egg foo young, hot & sour soup and bean curd with mixed vegetable. I received three generous eggy vegetable pancakes which had potential but unfortunately, they were left in the frier a little too long and soaked in a lot of excess grease. I think the accompanying sauce is actually beef gravy and bland (The great thing about eating at home is the opportunity to improvise...I whipped up a quick peanut sauce that went great with the egg foo young)  The hot and sour soup was decent, they use fresh mushrooms and the broth is a nice consistency (i.e. not too thick). The bean curd and veggies were nothing fancy, the veggies held some crunch and the curd had a palatable texture but was drowning in brown sauce.   The food was piping hot and delivered fast.
Hate to give a middling review, but when I ordered from here I felt like the food was all over the place.  I've had much better "fast food" style Chinese food in more rural areas, so I felt disappointed by the lackluster performance of the meal.  The Good: The fried dumplings were amazing and while the wonton soup was strangely missing its green onions, it was still tasty. Actually, I'm thinking of always having my dumplings fried from now on like potstickers, because it really made my night.  The Bad: I ordered the classic General Tso's to get a good range of what they offered and Moo Goo Gai Pan, which is chicken and veggies in a white sauce (one of my favorite Chinese dishes). The food was...just ok. The General Tso's sauce was a bit too red in color but it was crispy like it should be and it tasted fine. The white sauce dish was sort of...off. I can't even explain it, but a couple of bites in I started hating the taste. The veggies were cooked well, but the chicken wasn't of a very high quality and my taste buds got turned off by the whole dish. These are classic dishes and if you can't get them right that worries me. My meal started going downhill around there.  The Ugly: I ordered both fried and steamed rice (again to get a good sampling), and the fried rice was bad. It was too brown, not really fried (just limp), and very sparse with a few carrots and peas and no scrambled egg bits (not de rigueur for delivery Chinese but I do love when fried rice has that in it). I'm not sure what happened - did they use new rice, or wet rice, or cooked it too long? Whatever it was, it was horrible. I might try to refry it tomorrow, but if it is still bad I'll probably just have to pitch it.   The price for all of this was about the same for what I've paid for Chinese meals at restaurants and delivery places that I consider to be a little more "upscale." So I didn't think I was saving any money, and I was getting less quality for my troubles. There are several Asian places in the area that make great food, so I don't feel like I need to limit myself to this one.
I've stopped by a total of 4 times to this bakery while attending to business in the area. I usually opt for their brownie bites- moist pieces of brownie with chocolate frosting at 0.50/piece to get some quarters for the street parking meter. I've tried their cupcakes and donuts, but nothing stood out to me. Their donuts are usually discounted by the end of the day.  Service is a hit-or-miss. They do accept CC.
Looks and smells like a decrepit moldy old place because of the pool. The layout is confusing, the people staying are sometimes a little sketchy (or maybe church folk in uniform and highway hotels just creep me out, I don't know.), but there's free wifi (unsecured), an indian buffet, a bbq place, and more than competent staff. Good enough.  Except a little after midnight some dude woke me up knocking on the door, and insisting I had ordered a cab. I had not. It was weird. The next morning I noticed they were doing some maintenance and remodeling on the front lobby and air conditioning system, so maybe there will only be ongoing improvements.
I stayed here on New Years Eve and I can't say that I had any significant problems although admittedly I was concerned given the previous reviews. I found my room to be clean, warm and comfortable, the front desk was friendly and efficient, and the price was far more reasonable than other larger hotels in the city. The issues I did have were that my quilt had some holes in it, the vending machine was sold out of most items, my remote for the tv was not functioning, and the continental breakfast was limited although granted it was free.  While the aforementioned issues seem minor and did not necessarily detract from my stay, it is apparent that the staff does not pay enough attention to the details, which could be significant for families or those staying longer.   Bottom line is that while this hotel provides basic essentials at a low price and is conveniently located to the city, attention to details is very important and if the staff can improve on these it would then warrant a 4-star or maybe even a 5-star rating.
I stayed here for about a week.  I stayed in the non-smoking room and found it to be clean and smelled OK.  Flat screen TV, remote and free HBO.  My issues were: the telephone in the room was next to useless (most of the time didn't even work when i needed to call the front desk) and the internet service was terrible.  It seemed that if I was in the main building, where they serve breakfast or in the fitness area, the internet was great, but much of the hotel is outside and the internet was terrible.  Other than that, the staff was friendly, plenty of security cameras and the place seemed in decent shape.  It was a prime case of you get what you pay for.  Could have been better (fix the internet, better choices on the free breakfast, restock the vending machine) but I have to admit, I have paid comparable amounts and been in much worse hotels.  Oh and they're close to downtown (about 3 miles) so that's a plus.  If I visit Pittsburgh again, I wouldn't mind staying there again.
Pros: friendly staff, clean, nice pool and close food. Rooms are clean, bathrooms are nice.  Cons: towels were stained, walls were a little rough.  For the price it's clean and solid, needs a facelift inside as it's aged. But I'd stay here again!
Came back for the holidays, and stopped by Beto's.  The pizza hasn't changed a bit, and it remains in my top three in the town.    However, can someone please teach the kids working there how to keep up an establishment?  Not once did I see someone clean tables or remove the number tags from the table.  We had to clean our own table.  The floor was littered with straw wrappers and napkins, especially under our table.  The bathroom was in shambles and my friend mentioned that the ladies room was out of tp.    Therefore--three stars, with the pizza saving the review from total damnation.
Being from Chicago, I'm a pizza snob.  Yeah, I know, it's like comparing apples to oranges, but still...this is my review for Beto's.  Anywhoo--this was a unique experience...the pizza comes out of the oven with just sauce, then mozzerella is piled on for a semi-melt addition.  Who would have thought of this!?   The pizza itself was good, and the sauce decent, but the whole semi-melt, I'll have to get used to.  :-)  I'd be back for a second shot at it!
I'm a N.Y. thin crust guy.  This pizza is the antithesis of N.Y. style pizza so I didn't really get it.  It's just not my taste but it may be yours so read on.  I went with a born & raised Pittsburghian who hasn't lived in the 'burgh for a decade.  He had fond memories of this place so late one night we set out for Beto's.  He was surprised to find that the place is now housed in a fairly new upgraded building giving off a somewhat upscale vibe.  Even though it was after midnight, they were still serving take out... so hooray for their late night hours.  We orders some "cuts" (Pittsburgh's way of saying "slices") to go and ate them in our car in the parking lot.  For the former Pittsburgher, the place may have changed, but the pizza tasted just as he remembered.  Tangy sauce, cuts in rectangular shape, crust was bready but had some crunch on its underside.  The unique thing about this pizza is they take it out of the oven and then add the cheese... and alot of it.... so its not altogether melted when you eat it.  My friend loved it.  To me it was unique but just okay.  I like a thinner crust, cheese melted and cooked all the way through, crust less bready.  You may like it.  However, You just may need to have eaten it as a kid to truly love it.
Blah blah blah, cold toppings, piled high cheese, yinzer childhoods, etc. Beto's gets three stars because it is inconsistent - and they themselves admit it. I've had pizza from here that is outright bad, I've also had pizza here which nudged against my all time top pizzas list. Usually there will be a cycle for me where I will have a really good slice, and convince myself I have to go back there - sometimes in the same week. Then I'll have a bad slice and forget about it for months, maybe even years. Then I'll be in the area again and the cycle will continue.   The cold cheese doesn't bug me because you get so much (portion size here is far beyond ample. $1.25 for each slice - 4 is well beyond my maximum - gets you about a 1/3 of a bag of mozzarella, an extra $.50 will get you as much of whatever topping you feel like having). If you get take-out, it'll pretty much melt by the time you get home if you leave the box shut.   One thing to note - this is my favorite place to get black olives on a pizza, since they don't go into the oven.
I guess for what it is, a thick crust with a canned tomatoes and uncooked mid/low grade cheese, it was fine. It's just not my style of pizza. They do have some of the hottest wings I have every eaten, the very aptly named "after burners". The sauce is very tasty with an INTENSE slow burn.
I'm a fan of Betos. I like the fact that the cheese isn't always melted. The slices are square and the prices are reasonable. Ranch dressing or bleu cheese and you're good to go! The pizza itself is simple: crust, sauce, and cheese. I'm pretty certain that you have to go pick it up, or that's just been my traditional order of things. It's been a while since I've had their pizza, but it's definitely worth the trip.
So on our first night here in Pittsburgh it's getting late and we are hungry. Everythings closed at the point and it's only after 10 pm on a Sunday. We accidentally end up at Beto's and plan to get a medium pizza. They inform us the sell pizza by the slice and it come different from traditional pizza. The pizza crust is cooked with sauce. Once removed from over COLD cheese is put on top with cold topping of your choice. At this point I'm thinking about a sub! My wife decides to try the cold and they tell me they can make them hot if we wish so I get 3 hot ones...I decide I atleast need to bite hers to try this out. We are from Ct...and are accustomed to not only the best pizza in the world but it also being hot. I try my hot version of their pizza and it's just ok. Then I try the cold slice they are known for and it's pretty awesome. I finish my hot slice and we get 2 slices to go...the way they make them normally. I have to confess I should have gone with my first instinct which was just to try it the way they make it....after all it's kinda the point of going to new places...you should not only experience the culture but the food aswell! A must try if you passing through and have never had it like this before.
They cook the pizza pull it out of the oven then throw cheese and toppings on it then cover it up in a box. When you get home to eat it you can hope that the cheese melts enough so that you can eat it without the pieces of cheese falling off of it. I get it its definately different and tasty.  The place was as clean as you would expect from a pizza shop. There are two problems I have with this place and the first one is their prices. A slice of pizza is $1.30 which I have no problem with it seems fair. However if you want a topping its $0.50 per topping which is ridiculous for one slice of pizza. A small fountain drink (aprox. 16 oz.) is $1.99 which is also very expensive.  The other problem is the parking lot. Whoever painted these lines did not measure out the area. I was in a van parked in the middle of the parking lot and could not leave until the car that was either in front of me or behind me left.  Don't get me wrong the pizza is good but the hassle I could do without.
It's like fruit cake either you love it or hate it, very different I must say. I am so not for the cold uncooked toppings on my pizza, sorry I need melted cheese and hot toppings to please me.
Odd.... I'd say it's not bad, but it's not good either. Super sloppy and there's far better pizza elsewhere. The dining room atmosphere is weird... It's like where Sugar Bear took June on their date to the cafeteria but without fluorescent lights. Plastic forks, plastic knives, and paper plates with crying kids and no beer.  I'll pass next time.
The pizza is ok. The tomato chunks are delicious and the pepperoni too. But they don't bake it and the stuff all slides off the crust. Overloaded too much with cheese . Not horrible but certainly not the best.
We ended up going in and getting slices for carry out. The service was very good. The cashier was very friendly and even complimented us. The wait time was only about 5 minutes, if that. We got 14 slices and paid about $30.00, which is pretty pricey. You end up paying extra for each topping on each slice. I've had pizza with cold cheese on top at another close by pizza shop, so I was expecting something similar. I was disappointed to find all of the toppings were uncooked. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't my favorite, like the prior pizza shop. Maybe if they cooked the toppings and placed the cold cheese on top? I did like how the slices we're square and thick though. I will stop back, even if it wasn't what I anticipated!
This is the most unusually constructed pizza that I've yet to have eaten, and it's fairly tasty as well.  The positives: Cold cheese and toppings are dumped upon a otherwise (presumably) normally cooked pizza. It's fun to watch the reactions of others trying it for the first time, since it's likely the oddest pizza they've ever eaten. Those that love it, love it, and those that hate it, well, I'd like to think they at least have respect for pizza this strange. I don't love the pizza here, or hate it, but it's good enough for me to enjoy with friends. Oh, and there's pinball!  The negatives: It's a greasy pizza joint with about the same level of decor and apparent cleanliness as most pizza joints I visit. That is to say, it could be nicer, but it seems to be the norm.  Conclusion: Novelty Pizza + Pinball = Try this if you are in Pittsburgh
This pizza was okay. I tried after hearing a bunch of people talk about it and the none melted cheese. Who wouldn't be curious? The pizza is a little over priced. I think they could cut costs a bit if they weren't putting pounds of unnecessary mozzarella on top. The crust was really crispy and thick which I loved. The sauce is sweet but was good. The cheese...the mound of cheese... It was a little too. I had to take off half of it. Kinda a waste. I may go back but not going to be my go to pizza place.
Beto's- you either love it or you don't. It's a unique pizza- baked with the sauce on and then the cheese goes on cold. It's kind of like an adult lunchable. Most recently, we called ahead and ordered our pizza. They were pretty busy, so we waited about 30 minutes for pick-up. What's a little annoying about it- you order by the slice... making it pretty pricey for pizza. If you are getting your pizza to go, I recommend getting your cheese on the side. Besides keeping the cheese cold, you can also control how much cheese goes on each slice. Otherwise, you'll end up with what we had. TOO much cheese- yes, I said it. Way too much cheese for my liking. I ended up taking half of it off to enjoy the pizza. If you haven't guessed yet, I lean on the side of not loving Beto's... although I can't speak too much for their other menu items, their pizza is just not my favorite. I will say, it is one of the most unique pizzas I have ever had, and is definitely worth trying.   ps. If you order pepperoni, know that it is pretty spicy and they are really generous with it.
Finally got a chance to try Beto's with my wife and some friends. The place was jumping on a cool Friday night and we waited about 5-10 minutes for a table. Didn't have a great first impression as the whole place was a bit of a mess. Dirty tables, floors, screaming kids - but I got past that pretty easily.  My wife isn't a big pizza person, so we played it safe by ordering salads, wings, and a couple cuts of plain.  Food came out fairly quickly and in order which I thought was great (and wasn't expecting). Salad itself was fine but didn't find the huge pile of cheese necessary - I get that this is what they're known for and knew it was coming, just not on the salad. Lots of onions, tomatoes and olives which made me happy.  Wings were surprisingly good, we had a dozen hot and the sauce was basically franks - but I'm ok with that. Well cooked, hot, and lots of sauce.  Pizza was pretty much what I expected, nice crispy crust, chunky tomatoes and lots of cheese. Little off putting as the waitress set the plate down on the table the cheese rubbed up against the tabletop which caused me to remove any of the cheese that touched. I enjoyed the pizza, and would I back, but not sure my wife would.
Hot, crispy squares of pizza with mounds of cold cheese on top.  Kind of weird when you first try it, but dammit, it does grow in you.
cheap-y shoes but you get what you pay for as i've had to return/exchange so many pairs of shoes that it's ridiculous.... they are built with materials that wear out much more quickly than more expensive brand-name shoes, in my experience, at least ... buy shoes elsewhere or via a reputable online retailer if you want something that will go the miles, so to speak ...  I will say that their return/exchange policy is reasonable .  there is that .
All of the flavors!!!!! My wife spent 15 minutes deliberating on what to get when she usually just orders the mint chip.   Despite the busy summer night the service was fast and efficient. The toppings are many, including hot fudge (though it wasn't that hot, or fudgy) oreos and butter scotch, fruit toppings and whipped cream.   They will even make you milk shakes out of whatever flavors you want, satisfying every member of the family. The treat there that you don't really see anywhere else are the gigantic waffle cups and cones, though they were not that fresh.   Even though there were a lot of ice cream flavors (including the much hyped Blue Moon) the ice cream did not seem that fresh either, hard packed and a little bland.   Even if it's not explosively flavorful, with it's huge selection, neighborhood feel, and fast friendly service it's still a welcome treat on a hot summer night.
The ice cream is ok and they have a decent flavor selection but the shop itself is dated and could use a remodel - it could be made into something really special with the right decor.
With the advent of the Super Bowl just a few days away, the beer distributors are licking their chops at the business coming their way. Of course, this means the end of football season, so sales will drop off.   Banksville Beer has a great business, and awesome location. They carry a good selection of all types of beer. Pittsburgh is suddenly having a love affair with IPA's, something I've been in love with for about 9 years now. Great selection here, including 60 and 90 minute, Victory, Ithaca Flower Power, etc.   Good selections of your swill brews (PBR, less filling, tastes great) and your college frat boy brews, you know what I mean! They also carry snacks.
Banksville Beer is one of those places I very rarely have to shop at; I don't drink a ton of beer and given a choice between cider (which you can get here) and wine (not so much, obviously), wine will usually win.   As a result, one stop here can keep my cider/beer supply stocked for months. Now, while I've never left the shop empty handed and I LOVE browsing the fantastic and varied beer selection here, I have admittedly had trouble finding specific favorite beverages of mine, such as flavors of Magner or even varieties of Blue Moon. But I think this has more to do with my taste (remember, not the biggest beer person, more of a cider/wine person) than the shop itself - you can always at least find the basic ciders and beers here. And again, I've never left empty handed despite my snobby tastes: usually I leave with a whole case of Woodchuck, and most recently a whole case of Fall Woodchuck. Yum! Also, the men behind the desk are usually pretty good about asking if you need a hand taking things to your car. (Usually.)  Still, the parking situation here keeps me from giving the place 4 stars. Getting into the lot here can be a little frightening as you hope the person behind you is paying attention and slowing down while you turn into the lot. The lot itself is pretty tiny so problems can arise if too many people stop in for beer at once. Finally, getting out is even more terrifying than pulling in, because no one slows down on Banksville, ever, to let you out. Be prepared to sit for a few minutes if traffic is heavy.  Happy shopping, beer lovers!
Eat n Park is a Pittsburgh staple. They have locations all over the Burgh. Today we stopped in for lunch. I totally went old school and ordered a Tuna Melt with a side of fries. The bread was nicely toasted. The cheese was melty. There was a nice scoop of tuna on each half.   Not 5 star but it met the yearning I had for comfort food. I also ordered a piece of chocolate cream pie. It was quite tasty and the perfect way to end lunch.
This is usually my favorite late night hot spot. And tonight the waitress was a real gem, a dime a dozen. My fruit cup was sadly so bad, easily the worst melon/honeydew I've ever had. But thank goodness, the waitress brought out some extra banana slices. Good night, bad melon. That's all . will come again. Will not order fruit at night though.
This company was better when the father (William Wessner) owned and managed it. I bought both an AC system and high efficiency furnace from them. Since his two sons have taken over the business, it has gone downhill. Now when the service man comes to inspect and clean your system, it seems like he's always trying to find something wrong, even when everything is operating just fine. As a result, I've stopped getting checkups done.
So yeah the wings are good just know some sauce choices are a dry rub. The fries are fresh cut, not hot when they came out   Oh ps no losers here, good atmosphere!
I think this placed has been re-modeled or at least that is what my buddy thought. I had never been there before so I had nothing to compare it to. They had over 25 beers on tap which was very nice. The menu seemed good and the appetizers we had were tasty. There were not a lot of places to sit but we found a couple of seats at a table. They have at least 4 or 5 TV's to watch whatever local sports are on. I think my friend will be going back more now that it has been updated and I will only be back on my next trip to Pittsburgh. Parking is street, the service was good, and it seems like a nice local place to hang out for a few cocktails.
Draft selections are good...service is lousy...food is sub par. Not in a hurry to return.
Recently went back to give Cain's another shot. Even though the service was bad the last time I was there, the food was always good. I haven't given the dining room a second try yet, but when I sat in the bar the service was actually good. The bartender was attentive and I never had a problem getting his attention if I needed anything. The food was good, it was served fast, and the portions were huge as usual. Although I am still a bit hesitant to sit in the dining room, I will definitely go back again after this recent experience to at least sit in the bar area.
I have been to Cain's several times and had great experiences. Food is wonderful, service is friendly and I love the huge selection of beer.  So disappointed yesterday when I took home my delicious to go order. Got to my last piece of pastrami smoked salmon point and pulled a long piece of knotted out black hair out if my mouth! So gross!
Cain's Saloon has popped up on my radar repeatedly since it opened - many people have stood by it as a fantastic dinner spot and bar. And while I certainly didn't dislike my experience here overall I can't say I quite get what all the fuss is about.  I came here for dinner and drinks with a friend and upon first entering we were pleased; the staff got us seats and our waitress very patiently helped us navigate their beer and cider options - which took a while, there were just so many! I truly do praise our waitress and the bar staff for taking my companion's final request, which was a little off-menu. No one complained and they whipped up my friend's drink while I went for a Pear Magner cider.   The particular night that we went was wing night, and while wings did sound wonderful we ultimately went for a plate of loaded fries in addition to our separate meals. It took a while to get them, but we figured it was getting busier since it was the evening and we let that slide. Here was where the meal began to lose some of its shine - while at first the fries were absolutely delicious, the more of them that I ate the less appetizing they tasted. I suspect that while the top layer was composed of perfectly cooked fries, the last layer of fries at the bottom of the plate was just drenched in extra grease and oil that kind of ruined the fries themselves for me. Plus, when ordering my sandwich I had asked for one of three sauce options listed on the menu - but once it arrived I realized after biting into it that my sandwich contained the wrong sauce. I didn't bother complaining at that point because of how busy it was - I didn't want to wait for a replacement meal; the sauce I got wasn't too bad or spicy for me, so the sandwich itself still tasted good, but it was still a bit frustrating. After actually finishing our meal, it took an INCREDIBLY long time for us to spot our waitress and flag her down for our check. We're not sure why she disappeared for so long; it was definitely odd to have our service go from above average to below average.  And when we ducked into the bathroom on our way out? Good Lord, was that a tiny room! I almost hit someone with the door because you literally only have a foot or two between the door when it opens and the wall, so if anyone is standing on the other side they're often in the door's way by default. And it was almost impossible to sit in the stalls, they were so tiny. Definitely be careful when entering the bathrooms, folks.  Needless to say, my experience was pretty mixed - it definitely started out strong but it kind of went downhill throughout the night, although it never hit actual flat-out bad levels. I'd still come back to Cain's if someone wanted to, as their food was certainly enjoyable enough. It's absolutely a decent place with some decent options for food. It just wasn't incredibly impressive to me after all the hype I'd heard.
Our night at Cain started out as 4/5 stars.  This was my first visit and I was blown away by the extensive menu and attentive service.  I ordered the Shrimp and Strawberry salad - not something I would usually order at a bar.  But I was not disappointed! The shrimp were of a decent size and seasoned well. The salad was huge and at $12 was just right.  My guests ordered a variety of items including Buffalo Chicken dip (amazing); Spinach Artichoke Dip (great); and for their entrees - the Grilled Romaine salad topped with Filet; Surf and Turf ($14 - WHAT?); and a Steak and Egg something sandwich. Everyone seemed delighted with their respective meals and the drinks flowed all night long thanks to our wonderful server whose name I cannot recall.    Unfortunately, as the evening progressed the bouncer began his shift. Sigh.  I'm sorry, but he just wasn't nice. Not that bouncers need to be cuddly, but dang.  We were seated at the table closest to the door, a table which he clearly despises.  He rudely asked us (the two people seated in the outer seats) to move closer into the table when there was really nowhere for us to go; citing that patrons walking in couldn't do so with us sitting there. Lies.  There was plenty of room for anyone to walk anywhere.  He repeatedly got an attitude with one of our guests both vocally and with his body language; going so far as to seat his stool so close to our table that shoulders were touching. Get over yourself, dude.  I'll visit Cains again, but either won't go when there's a bouncer on duty (which is a ridiculous thing to have to do); or request a table away from the door and annoy the hostess. Either way, he's not a great ambassador for what I'm sure is a great place.
Stopped in for breakfast today.  Pros:  -we were seated almost immediately, and it was crowded!   -the meals we got were great!  Cons: -service was super slow. We waited over 10 minutes for a server to take drink orders after we were seated. I had told my wife that we were going to leave if someone didn't come over in 3 minutes more. It wasn't just our server, it seemed like many tables were waiting a long time.
I had heard a lot of different things about Cain's before coming here for the first time around 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. What I heard was true after dining here- food is really good, service leaves a lot to be desired. Two of us were the first to arrive for a party of six. We waited a good 10 minutes at the "please wait to be seated sign". No one even acknowledged us standing there until two other members of our party finally arrived. They were semi busy but cleared out quickly since it was a 4:25 steelers game and several tables there looked like they were heading to the game. Anyways, a server came over about 5 minutes after we were sat. To get our drink order. She was pretty slow getting our drinks out to us. The other two members of our party arrived by then and when she came back she said the kitchen was running 30 minutes behind and we should order appetizers now if we wanted any. Ok so we ordered 6 old bay wings, 12 thai chili wings, and 2 orders of the cheese sticks. The cheese sticks were the best cheese sticks I have ever eaten! They are huge-3 to an order but these are so thick and gooey....and the marinara served with them is a sweeter marinara, it's very good. I didn't try the old bay wings but they were quickly devoured by the rest of the table. The Thai chili wings had a very nice sweeter flavor. And they were large wings too. Very tasty. She came to take our food order prior to our appetizers coming out. They did take awhile but she did warn us they were slow. Entrees came out quickly however. I had ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. It had a horseradish BBQ sauce that sounded really interesting. The server came over halfway through the appetizers and said they ran out of the pulled pork. I was disappointed but I ordered a turkey Rachael with sweet potato waffle fries instead. The sandwich came on marble rye with coleslaw Swiss and thousand island. The fries weren't great and we're kind of soggy. The sandwich though was excellent. Real rotisserie turkey and lots of cold slaw which is how I like it. A steak and egg hoagie was ordered with chips-she said it was really good and it was huge portion wise. Another ordered the pastrami sandwich and another ordered the pastrami salmon blt. Both were said to be tasty. The quesadilla burger and the bacon and blue cheese burger were also ordered and were quickly eaten and said to be delicious . 4 of us took home half of our sandwiches - portions are huge! Our server didn't check on us and it was us who had to flag he down for drinks. This is a great place to watch a game, lots of beers on tap, good food. Service needs to improve but I wll still come back again because the actual meal was tasty and priced right
I really like this place i always got great food and awesome dessert. Seriously anything i have gotten here to eat has been bomb! I have gone here and just got dessert too. They have a bar and a well sized seati g area. Theres enough tvs so u can see from any angle.
Cain's has great BBQ and the best bruschetta I've ever had, but DO NOT go there on a game day unless you enjoy the fact that all 50 televisions have their volume jacked to the the max. My fiancé walked in and walked directly back out the door with nothing but an instant headache.
Yum! Bloody Mary bar is my favorite, especially during game days on Sunday's! I would love to see an expansion of an outdoor space for the summer time! That would be SO FUN! Love love Cains!!!
I have been here a few times and in general thought more highly of the place than what I'm going to rate it now (and I would rate it lower if it weren't better experiences prior to my last visit). In general, this is a nice looking bar, with large and viewable, nice TVs, plus decent food with large portions. I especially recommend getting their enormous mozzarella sticks!  My problem was with our last trip this past Sunday. Service was a tad slow, but acceptable. The real issue was due to the fries. They look fresh cut, delicious looking, and just spudtacular. But they were not delicious. In fact, they were flat out gross and almost tasted like they had a strong chemical flavor and odor to boot. I think we can rule out the fryer if it was shared with the fish as it tasted fine. They were possibly the worst tasting fries I've ever had. I thought I was going to be poisoned or something if I ate more than the two I tried.  I've had their fries in the past and don't recall anything of the sort described previously. We didn't eat anymore of them (and I'm pretty sure no one else at the table are more than a few of the fries tha came with their dishes). Hopefully this was a fluke, but it is concerning regardless.
I can barely write this because I'm so dang full.  I'd really give this place 3.5 stars.  Huge beer selection and the food - wow!  are the portions huge and it's really good bar food.  Our waitress was adorable and very attentive. I still can't get over how huge the sandwich was.  To drink I got the leinenkugel grapefruit shandy and it light and delightful it was practically a health drink :-) For dinner I got the Cain's Club which is turkey breast, peppered bacon, and egg with pepper jack, lettuce, tomato, and horsey sauce served on a pretzel bun. First of all, let's be real - everything tastes better with an egg on it-I just wish there was a little more horsey sauce  on it but it was huge and the bread was so good!  My hubby got the Pittsburgher which is a 1/2 pound burger (he got it as a turkey burger) topped with sautéed onions, 3 pierogies, cheddar cheese and horseradish sauce.  So crazy.  All their sandwiches come with 1 side item - I opted for the onion rings and hubby got the sweet potato waffle fries - both were amazing. I seriously can't breathe because I'm so full.  If you're looking for great bar food - lots of beer selection and a great staff - you should come here. You won't leave hungry ....
Got a couple well drinks with friends.  Nice, casual atmosphere and decent prices.  Waitress had no issue splitting checks.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Was brought here by some locals, had the bacon and bleu burger and it was fantastic! It's pub food, but well done pub food.
Rising prices here have made my review drop. The menu changes on build your own burgers and omelets were basically designed to nickel and dime you into buying a $13-$20 instead of just having something like a western omelet or bacon cheeseburger.   I thoroughly enjoy the build your own bloody Mary bar and 35¢ wing night here. But prepare to pay 50¢ for each ranch and $1.50 for 4 carrot sticks or celery, what a ripoff.   Sports events are great here with all the big screen TVs as well as the beer selection and specials.   My favorite side is the sweet potatoe fries and the portions are enormous. Service here is usually very attentive even when the place is packed.
Love coming here for their cheap wing night. They have a variety of great sauces and flavors to choose from. My boyfriend and I love coming here to have a drink and watch a good ol soccer game too.
I've only had breakfast here once, so hopefully my review can be updated in the future.  I thought it was good, but I wasn't overwhelmed with culinary joy. The atmosphere is friendly and bustling. The menu seems nicely edited, and apparently they make lots of their ingredients from scratch. I had 2 eggs over medium, their in-house ham from the bone, Texas toast and potato pancakes which came with my choice of applesauce or sour cream (I got sour cream). The eggs were cooked perfectly, and the ham was nice-- just salty enough. The potato pancakes were different than what I expected. I thought they would be like fried hashbrown cakes, but they were shredded potatoes mixed with a pancake-like batter. They weren't crispy or hot, and just kind of underwhelming. I'll be back though since they have grits :)
Met some friends for breakfast.  We had 5 and there were no tables available on our arrival.  The hostess said we can have the table for 4 with someone seating in the window box, just don't lean on the window... We said okey-dokey!  Waitress was quick and had coffee right away. She was fast with refills and any waitress that went by with the pot would check to see if we needed refills.  Had an omelet that is very large with veggies.  It was cooked perfectly and the veggies must have been put on the pan first to make sure they were warn and tender.  Potatoes were OK, but nothing special.   The table was crowded for five, and just when the food was placed on our table, one friend who said he could not make it showed up...Now a table for six.. Not really, but the waitress did not blink and took that order quickly and that food arrived fast... Must have worked with the kitchen to get the order fast.  Thank you!    Was able to get a taste of the french toast and it was very good.  Someone in our group had the eggs benedict and said they were really good!  When your done, cross the street and go to Potomac Bakery and take some sweets home, you'll be glad you did.
The Dor-Stop was crowded and we did have to wait for about 10 minutes.  Not to bad on a Sunday morning.  Waitress was quick to get coffee to us.  It did take a little longer than you would expect to get the meal...we all started to get really hungry.    Ordered the Eggs Benedict, which were pretty ordinary.  Comes with the ordinary home fries.
We've been here several times, and the food is always good. Nothing spectacular, or amazing, but always filling and tasty. Typical breakfast fare. I love anything benedict, but as a veggie, hate havint to pay for the ham, and order it w/o ham. So a waitress here taught me a little money saving trick, which I will always be grateful. Order texas toast, two eggs over easy and a side of hollandaise sauce. Then build your own eggs benedict. Saves a vegetarian about $2 on a main which is great!     I would give it four stars if it weren't for the insane busy-ness of this place. It would be really great if they could expand. They also could really use chairs and benches outside for people who are waiting. I'm sure it's better during the week, but as a 40 hour a week working couple, weekends are the only time we can make it there.
My husband and I were looking for a new place to try for brunch on Labor Day. Instead of going to our standby, the Original Pancake house, I suggested we try the Dor-Stop. We arrived at 12:30 and were soon joined by the 3rd person in our party. The hostess informed us that we were next on the list for a table and would be seated soon. I was surprised at how busy it was on a holiday. This small little diner was packed with people. Every table was full as well as every seat at the counter. About ten minutes later, a waitress came over and called two parties that arrived after us. My husband had to go talk to her and explain how we were waiting longer. She apologized for skipping us and was able to seat us right away. Once seated, I had a difficult time deciding what to order from the extensive menu. Wow! They have a huge selection.   I finally decided on the special, Apple Harvest French toast with bacon. When I asked the waitress about the special, she had a difficult time describing it but I still wanted to give it a try. Once we ordered, it took well over 15 minutes for our food. I understand that they were very busy but that amount of time did seem a bit excessive for diner food. When my french toast arrived, it was not exactly what I was expecting per the description but, it was very tasty. The french toast had a nice crisp on it and the cream cheese sauce had a lot of flavor. However, for being APPLE harvest french toast, it was certainly lacking apples or apple flavoring. This french toast would have been perfect with slices of cooked apples on top instead of the small apple pieces that were mixed in with the cream cheese. The bacon also lacked a nice crispiness.   I also had the opportunity to try my husband's banana chocolate chip pancakes. Although they looked delicious with the bananas and chocolate chips baked into the pancakes, they tasted rather salty. My husband agreed with my assessment. It seemed like the cook was a little heavy handed when adding salt to the batter. Overall, I wasn't overly impressed though, I would give the Dor Stop a second chance based on their huge selection to choose from.
Was really crowded...almost claustrophobic.  Food was good, large portions.
Went there with a friend. Had egg Benedict and did not like it. The turkey meat smells funny. And the waitress kept rushing us. Not sure why it's so crowded. Will not visit again.
Well I've finally had a chance to visit the now famous Dor-Stop.  I went on a weekday morning so that I could actually get a seat and have the food at it's prime--not cooked in a hurry to see how the food really was.  Well, that was also the only time I had, as well.  I was greeted quickly and seated and given a nice cup of coffee.  They did an exceptional job of keeping the coffee mugs full (another reason  to go on a weekday) and it was good coffee.    I had to try the hot cakes, but didn't want to OD on carbohydrates so I got the Egg Combo with the speciality hotcakes.  The waitress recommended the banana oatmeal or the apple cinnamon.  I went with the banana oatmeal.  Two over easy eggs and bacon, though they offer sausage patties or links in both regular (sage) and hot.  My food came quickly and I was disappointed to find the eggs sharing the plate with the hotcakes.  I like my food separated and dippy eggs leave a residue that sometimes can't be mopped up with bacon.  I guess I would have preferred a plate with the eggs/bacon and a plate with the hotcakes.    The eggs were cooked perfectly as was the bacon.  Crispy yet chewy.  I have to eat my eggs and bacon before I can eat my hotcakes, because, again, I don't like my food touching--especially something sweet and savory.    Let's talk about the hotcakes.  They were served with a big dollop of whipped butter which I loved.  Whipped butter spreads pretty easy.  I like that.  I'm picky.  Especially with breakfast.  There were slices of banana cooked in which I also liked.  They tasted like a diabetics worst/best nightmare.  They were sweet and fork tender like a nice pancake should be.  They would have been fine without syrup.  When I added syrup it felt like I was eating a slightly sweeter version of banana bread.  I wanted to stop at one.  I really did.  I really really did.  I was getting full.  I can stop eating food that isn't good without much of a problem.  I had a problem with that second hotcake  My other "complaint" is that is is rather expensive for a small diner.  I paid a little over $10 for my breakfast.  For $10, I would have preferred a more generous portion of bacon, at least.  My idea of pricing is a bit off, I guess, mainly because I live in an area outside of Pittsburgh that is a lot less expensive.    So, I will go back, for sure.  The breakfast is GOOD and I think most places that attempt to serve breakfast should be GOOD.
Before I start, this place has some solid breakfast dishes but nothing to rave about and not worth the 30 min wait. On a road trip I recently took with my family, it was literally the only breakfast place that disappointed us and did not live up to its hype.  Got the "famous" Ham from the Bone breakfast. Without a doubt, it was definitely good and a solid item to order, but it didn't blow me away. Wish I had tried Guy's version instead of the original...  My wife ordered two eggs over easy and they were undercooked, to the point of pretty much being raw. Gross. Breakfast places should know how to properly cook eggs.  We split Lori's Stuffed French Toast, which everybody loves. Again, definitely a delicious and solid item to order, but didn't leave me speechless or anything of that sort.  At the end of the day, you don't HAVE to go here. It's not a MUST. If you do go, you will get a more or less solid breakfast that is above average. Again, I don't think it's worth the wait or lives up to its hype, but I'm a foodie and know mind blowing food when I eat it.
I've been living in the neighborhood for almost a year now and finally got to try out this place. It did not disappoint!  I've been asked why I have it only 3 stars with such a glowing review. Well, I don't prefer greasy spoon joints, but if it's your thing u will like it!   What makes this greasy spoon joint different than others is the amazing variety of pancakes and french toasts- you will not get bored with your breakfast here! As a standard on the menu, they have many flavors to choose from: pumpkin, banana, blueberry, choco chip, raspberry, etc. I ordered the special of the day: chocolate cherry cheesecake pancakes. They were pretty good! I liked that there were actual cherry pieces in the filling- I appreciate real fruit being used in my breakfasts. If u like a pancake that holds up against the weight of toppings and syrup, while maintaining a soft spongey texture, you will like these. I hate when pancakes get immediately soggy- these do not!   The boyfriend ordered Bob's specialty, as it is not a standard breakfast item either- eggs with German potato pancakes, applesauce, and sour cream- it did not disappoint! The potato pancakes were a tad on the sweet side, but I liked them.   Another great thing here is the down-home feel of the place- everyone is very friendly. While we were waiting in line (which by the way, wasn't too long, they get people in and out pretty fast), they handed out small samples of coffee. This was much appreciated on such a cold day!
All I can say "bombass" pancakes!  Minus a star for the stares! I forget sometimes where I am. Traditional old school greasy breakfast. Everything homemade!  The cook & our waitress was cool. I guess they started chatting with us b/c the regulars couldn't stop glaring.  I guess it' worth the 2 to 4 hr on the weekends. Luckily, I came in on a weekday. Maybe that's why all the stares?  I don't care. Just give me my pancakes, sausages & hash browns  that Guy raves about. Everyone who works there was really good & portions were fit for steel workers.
Yes... Dorstop was on the Food Network but I believe that the show has brought too much business to the local breakfast/lunch restaurant. Most of the time the servers are cranky and rushing so they forget items or customer needs and the food isn't as good as it used to be. Either they need to expand their staff and restaurant or many others will see what I have.
I've been here twice, for brunch, with some friends.  My first time was confusing for my friend and I, because there was a line and we didn't know we had to sign in. After we were seated, we ordered food. The waitress was slow and unfriendly. She seemed irritated that we were there. The food was amazing, as our orders were small and uncomplicated, we just wanted to try the food. The second time was pretty much the same. The food was great and filling, but the servers were unfriendly and slow. Disheartening and not really worth dealing with for some pancakes. Try it out for the legend, like I did, but beyond the food, it's not much.
Just like any other diner. The food is good, but I don't understand why there's an hour wait every day. I know it was on television and all, but it really just tastes like any other breakfast food. Not worth the hour wait and the claustrophobia within the walls.
So with all the hype I was expecting fireworks.  Maybe I am tainted.  When you come from California where the food is very fresh, you are sometimes disappointed, this was one of those times.  My son watches, triple d, was so excited to be here, but at best was ok.  No fireworks.  I had the veggie burrito, my one son the egg burrito, and other son had the egg breakfast.  I ordered a side of bacon also.  My waitress brought out three scoops of sour cream, in little white contains, soggy to say the least.  My burrito, good; kids food was ok, eggs terrible bacon, Terrible.  I love bacon love it, this bacon was cheap tasting and tasted like the girdle.  Gross...  Sorry Dor-stop.    If your every in Folsom Cali try Mary's gold miner cafe.  The bomb!
A nice surprise as I'm not a diner person. We stopped by on recommendation of a friend after a hockey game. The pumpkin pancakes were delicious, as were the west coast eggs Benedict. Beware, though - the eggs Benedict are not served in typical fashion. It is the size of the plate and served with potatoes. The toppings were placed on top of several slices of (good) Italian bread.   Some reviewers mention the servers. Yes - a bit short, however, expected with as busy as they are. Our waitress was short, but extremely nice, attentive and we had great customer service. I think they just want to turn tables since there are so many people waiting in such a small space.   Expect a wait - put your name on the list & expect a minimum wait of 30 minutes. We took our hockey team and they were very accommodating in separating and seating us at several tables when they were available.
Have been to the Dor-Stop a couple of times recently.  Able to get a table almost immediately.  One time I had the pancakes.  The pancakes are really good and actually more than I could eat; probably one of the better items on the menu.  Another time I had a eggs benedict special that was pretty good but the Hollandaise sauce is not that good just OK, probably not real fresh or comes out of a can.  Both times are service was pretty good.  Our waitress was on top of it and friendly.
This hurts my heart to write this because I want to like this place soooooo bad. Small town diners are what I live for.  I went a week or so ago for the first time and will give it a second try and can hopefully give a high rating.  I read the rave review of the pancakes, and this guy LOVES pancakes. On the fence between oatmeal and pumpkin, I opted for pumpkin. The fact that I was able to get this in March made me a happy guy.  To my dismay, I should've picked up some powdered donuts and buttered them up. It would've been more moist. They tasted like sugar. I didn't get any cinnamon, nutmeg, pumpkin flavor I was so desperately hoping for. Just super sweetness. They were very dry as well. I love a nice moist pancake and was bummed it didn't happen.  Another lesson, don't order grits north of the Mason Dixon line. I keep forgetting everybody does instant or minute maid grits without seasoning or butter. My bad on that. I have to try the oatmeal pancakes and give this joint redemption. Service was very good and ambiance was perfect, hence 3 stars.
Went there for breakfast - get there early, because it was packed. It had a real mom and pop diner feel, with local advertisements all over the top of the table. I got their (apparently) well known Jumbot - a dish with everything thrown in - eggs, potatoes, peppers, onions. I got the Guy version, which had hot peppers and hot sauce. Honestly, if not for the peppers, I really don't think that I would have cared for it too much - it would have been quite bland, and I still used a lot of ketchup on it. Having said that, it was still filling and tasted pretty good. My friend had their french toast - filled with raspberries. We both liked that very much - light, not too sweet, and tasty.
Had breakfast here while in Pittsburgh for a few days. The place will remind you of a mom & pop breakfast shop, it has that home cooked feel. I took the advice of fellow yelpers and went later in the day. I was a party of one and there was a small table available. I decided to try the chocolate chip & banana pancakes, they were very tasty, but got a bit mushy in the center, they weren't undercooked they were just loaded with bananas. I had a side of bacon to complete breakfast and freshly brewed iced tea to wash it all down.  Service wasn't bad but could have been better, my server never stopped by after my food was served and i had to request my check from a different server.  Good breakfast, I recommend giving them a try
I was excited to check this restaurant because of the reviews and my love for carbs. I also saw that it was on Triple D, though usually those pursuits end up being disappointing.   My friend and I split the Raspberry-stuffed French Toast and the Spinach, Tomato and Feta Omelette. We got sides of Bacon, Home Fries and Toast. I thought the Omelette was great- ingredients were fresh, and it wasn't as greasy as I thought it would be. The Home Fries were my favorite since they were more like smashed potatoes, and it was different from your typical diner home fry. The Raspberry-stuffed French Toast was a disappointment. It wasn't stuffed at all- it was thickly breaded (maybe crushed corn flakes?) and drenched in raspberry sauce. The dish overall was OK, but not worth the hike from home. My friend also got the tomato juice- couldn't really tell if it was freshly juiced or not.  Though I am curious about their pancakes, this visit wasn't worth it for me to make the 20-25 minute drive out here. The service was fast and efficient, not particularly friendly, which is fine with me. The meal was very affordable.
I was expecting phenomenal but got good. I was pumped on the hype of Diners, drive ins and dives so maybe my expectations were too high for a breakfast dive. Service is a little on the slow side while you get pumped with coffee, nice staff, cramped noisy dining area, with a grumpy looking chef who can't smile. We had three different orders each was good, a bit over priced but thats because they have a line of people waiting to take your spot if your not willing to wait.
A little further than most brunch places, but hoped it would be worth it. It was hard to decide what to order here because people have raved about half the items on their menu. Decided to get the stuffed raspberry French toast (which looked really good in photos so I knew I had to get it), sausage patties (you get one meat option with the French toast), and German potato pancakes. To be honest, I didn't think the food was amazing. I did enjoy the raspberry French toast, but like most people have already mentioned, it wasn't exactly stuffed. Sausage patties are a staple brunch meat for me, but these tasted microwaved and like they've been sitting out for a while. The potato pancakes I was pretty excited for, but they didn't taste like the potato pancakes I've had at German restaurants, so it wasn't what I thought it'd be. The French toast alone I would give 4 stars out of 5, but the sides I got bring my taste rating for Dor-Stop down. Although I would consider coming back, I'd definitely order different sides.  Taste | 3 Atmosphere | 3 Presentation | 3.5 Service | 3.5 OVERALL | 3.5
We like it - great meeting place - maybe a little over rated on quality of food. Good but nothing to write yelp about. Pancakes didn't excel; eggs were just fine.
Dor-Stop is your pretty stereotypical diner. From the food to the decor to the atmosphere it's diner all the way. Their breakfast is always good but nothing to write home about.  My favorite are the pumpkin pancakes! So thick and full of flavor, some of the best I've had. Also the home fries are made fresh not frozen. You can really tell the difference. And the food portions are huge!  If you go to Dor-Stop on the weekend it's really hard to get a seat without having to wait a while.  I would definitely recommend trying Dor-Stop..they are quite popular around here with the locals.
I hate to be the one to say it, but this place is super over-hyped.  First, despite having an open kitchen, the restaurant was freezing last weekend.  Sure, it was only ten degrees out.  But everyone in the restaurant was wearing their jackets, which is uncomfortable when you are trying to eat.  Second, the service was pretty bad.  Our waitress never came over to refill coffee or check on the meal.  She took our orders and dropped the food off with an attitude.  That was it.  So how was the food?  Despite being featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, which they point out on the menu, the food was just standard diner food.  I split the Egg Burrito ($8.59) and the Apple Cinnamon Hot Cakes ($6.59).  The hot cakes were the very large winner with a  unique and dense batter.  I enjoyed the apples throughout the batter very much.  The egg burrito, unfortunately, was really lackluster.  It was a flour tortilla filled with sausage, potatoes, scrambled eggs, and cheddar cheese and then smothered in salsa.  While it looked good in appearance, it was mostly a bunch of potatoes.  I saw one piece of sausage in the whole thing.  It lacked any flavor and would have really benefited from some hot sauce.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, and if I was back in the neighborhood, I would rather Tom's Diner across the street.  The Dor-Stop is A-OK but nothing special.
3.5 really.   This place has been on my to-do list for quite some time and I finally got a chance to give it a try.   We waited a while to get in the door, but it was nice enough outside, so I didn't mind.  Once inside, it definitely has an old diner feel.  The staff were friendly and attentive, though our order did get mixed up and came out in three separate chunks.    As far as food, my banana chocolate chip pancakes were perhaps a little doughy, but I did enjoy them.   The highlight though was the potato pancake - tons of flavor and a nice texture.   Be forewarned though that it comes with very tiny little thimbles of sour cream and applesauce.  Definitely ask for extra if you are going to order that.    All in all, it's a good version of a community diner.  The menu is pretty big and it is very popular.  I am not sure I'd wait regularly though.
Camp's has a cult following.   As soon as you walk in you can smell the melting mozzarella.  Love that smell.  W grew up on Camp's and is almost in the cult, so we go to Camp's from time to time.  It has been a real long time since our last visit so it was fun to stop back in.    The crust is a medium thickness, not to thin and not to thick, and somewhat crunchy.  One friend calls it almost like a biscuit, I really don't get that, but it is a little chewy and just a little brown around the edge.  One thing that I notice is they do not overload the pizza with sauce and toppings like some places.  Enjoyed our pizza and will be back.  Have had the hoagie in the past and if I remember correctly, it is very good.
"You really drove by Fiori's", said my cousin when I told him I picked up a pie from Campiti's.  Would I get this pizza again?  Yes.  Will I drive twenty minutes to get this pizza again?  No  I have to say this is a no frills pizza shop, and my pizza was ready to go in 10 minutes both of which I appreciate.  The cheese, sauce, pepperoni, and seasoning were delicious.  These three components are of equal quality, and the sauce may be better than the pizza powerhouses around the city (Mineo's, Fiori's, Doughboy's, Vincint's {while Vincent was still around}), but the crust is terrible.  I love the thinness and crunch of the crust, but there is no doughy-ness to it at all.  My ideal crust is thin and rigid, but once the surface is cracked when you fold it it has a little bit of dough in it.  This did not...I wouldn't say it was like a saltine, but I would say it has frozen pizza qualities.  I liked how it was served in a brown bag  (hate dealing with disposing of pizza boxes).  I also think the pizza reheat well which is an underrated, but necessary component to pizzas.
Good pizza.  Not great. Thin dry crust.  A pizza that has to be eaten quickly to be enjoyed.  Cools off in two minutes.  Clean. Good value for the money. However, much better tasting pizza in many places near by.
Compared to the original Don Campiti Pizza of the 60's and 70's this is not even close. The legacy of a superior pizza in Dormont has lost it. No longer up there with Beto's and area best. Sad to say this pizza was so bad. I have been a diehard customer of the 60's and 70's. Crust was like cardboard. Toppings were worse. What happened to the legacy Don Campitis Pizza ?  Update: Under new ownership, making great progress Rating considerably improved. Give them a shot. :-)
I usually find it difficult to commit to Campiti's with Fiori's right down the road, but I love the fact that they are inexpensive and from my experience, always friendly.  Sauce and cheese are both great but their dough is a little bit thinner which can sometimes result in a crispier dough that isn't my preferred style, but still good.
The staff was friendly and they did a great job styling my teenage daughter's hair for an event.  However, beware of the "and up" on their prices.  Apparently, "$25 and up" equals $60.  That's a big difference!
Namaste is not the best Indian food in the area, but it's the closest to our house, and we go for their lunch buffet, which I will rate as good, but not great. They almost always have that Indian buffet staple, channa masala, and maybe 2 or 3 other veggie dishes, a couple of meat selections, such as lamb curry or chicken tikka masala, and a cold salad bar with lettuce and raw veggies, pickles, chaat masala and raita. If you arrive early and not all of the items are out on the buffet, they bring it to your table, which is nice. Dessert is almost always gulab jamun and chai tea, which you help yourself to. On a couple of our visits, they had tandoor chicken wings, and they were to die for, but these aren't always available.  I would have rated this place 4 stars, but it can be inconsistent from visit to visit.
My go-to Indian buffet in the South hills for simple, non-pretentious Indian buffet food.  My prior fave was Billu's which recently CLOSED.  : ( Namaste is run by a family of Sikh Indian folks who are friendly and accomodating. This is not Indian food at the gourmet level of somewhere like Tamarind or The Mintt but it's good enough for govt. work as the saying goes .
Hard to complain too much about a $7 buffet.   Food wasn't bad,  I've certainly had worse Indian in Pittsburgh.   Limited selection that they don't refill often enough.   Odd atmosphere,  they need some background music or something.  The soap opera on tv just didn't cut it.  They do give you fresh naan bread which is nice, old buffet naan always sucks.  Good if you're in the area and need a cheap lunch but not worth going out of your way for.
I think the quality and flavor of the food keeps me coming back even though the old woman is very unpleasant, I have never been there when there was more than three or four people in the whole restaurant. I don't know how long they could survive and that is unfortunate.  On one occasion I was waited on by a young man who was very friendly and pleasant , where did he go? This place has potential but the old lady must go.
It's kinda strange when you enter because you literally hit the hotel's registration counter, and then you wonder where the restaurant is because it looks like the hotel couldn't fit a restaurant.  It's to the left of the counter.    Anyhow, I have mixed feelings.  One, it's a huge buffet.  Two, it's cheap (8.99 for dinner, maybe 7.99? for lunch) and includes all you can drink soda, chai, etc.  Three, mango lassi is part of the buffet.  Four, the food on the buffet can be very strange.    So, pricewise, when you include free drinks/mango lassi, it's damn worth it, as long as you can find two or three other items you like.  On the other hand, you may not like anything at all on the buffet.    Their nan is average in texture but has garlic and herbs, so it's now foccacia nan and tastes delicious.  Papadum is done well.  Lamb kabobs are good, but I wish they had lamb curry.  Their selection of meat is small relative to the size of the buffet.  On the other hand, they have plenty of vegetarian items, but I prefer to avoid cream, butter and cheese that I didn't eat much of them.  I did try the spinach and they have the most wonderful version of spinach: it's cheesy spinach (but doesn't look like there's melted cheese in it).  Awesome.    But then again, their chickpeas were in a sauce that tasted like a combination of spaghetti sauce and ketchup-- yuck!  I suppose this place is geared to fat vegetarians who can have dairy.  Oh, and the atmosphere is pretty lonesome.  It was probably once the grand dining hall of the hotel and now kinda ghostly.  I think it's worth an initial visit and worth it for budget eaters.
This place is crazy! It's an Indian restaurant located within a Days Inn. I love it because it's so quirky. Go for the buffet. Don't bother with the menu. The buffet is just as unique as the location of the restaurant. They usually have several vegetarian options and some meat options also.   What makes this buffet so different is the fact that it has malai kofta, pickled toppings, and self serve mango lassi. I have never seen any of the above mentioned items on a buffet.  The taste is not the best and sometimes the food comes off as warmed over, but it is good and so much fun to stop in and stuff your belly with as much or as little as you like, all while sitting in such an unusual location.
This is pretty close to where we live so we eat there quite a bit. Freshness of food really is hit or miss. I like all of the veggie options there. I think it's a great place to take someone who has never had Indian food. Buffet style lets someone new to this kind of food try a bit of everything. The mango lassi is always delicious! I like that it's NEVER busy, crowded or loud. Anytime we want to to relax for weekend lunch, we head there for the chilled out environment. They are currently undergoing a remodel, so I am looking forward to seeing what it looks like when they are finished.
Eh, it's pretty much a big convenience store to me, but they have the necessities. I prefer the Greentree Giant Eagle, but it is good to have a market within walking distance to us. There's not much more I can say about it.
The white pizza truly is delicious, as are all of their fatty appetizers.  They also offer pasta and other options so there is something to please everyone in any size group you bring to Bado's.
Bado's is a definite neighborhood joint.  Located on Beverly in Mt. Lebo, it's super-busy during meal times.    Food can be hit and miss.  Best to stick with the pizza, which is pretty good, and the soup and salads, which are quite good.  Place also has a solid beer selection, which is reasonably priced.  That said, we've found that it's a total mistake to order anything else off the menu -- except at breakfast, which again is pretty good.  (Their omlets are huge!)  For example, we once ordered a spinach-artichoke app.  Sounded delicious.  Um... it was creamed spinach (probably of frozen origin) with some canned artichokes in it.  Disappointing to say the least.  Also be aware that they close the kitchen ... when they feel like it.  I didn't know that until we were drinking a few beers there a while back and they made a kitchen last call.  My sister asked the bartender when the kitchen closes -- he said, when we feel like it.  One thing is for sure, though, if you go with what they do best (Pizza and beer), you won't be disapointed.  Plus, the servers are true Pittsburgh and generally very sweet.
Whenever I'm in Bado's I'm reminded of Nemo's, the fictional pizza joint from Everybody Loves Raymond. My first expierence with this place was two years ago, I had spent the entire day in the waiting room of St. Clair Hospital with my mother who was admitted finally at 8pm, she was fine and released a few days later. But at 8pm I was ready to eat anything and Bado's was on the way home. So I parked and walked I'm and the place was packed. Good sign. So a seat at the bar opened and the Pens were playing. So I ordered a bottled IPA and read over the menu. I needed to power carb after a long day of sitting in a hospital waiting room. The bartender who doubled as a pizza chef told me the white pizza was exceptional, so I took his advice and ordered a medium, figuring I could have it for lunch the next day. What arrived was this wonderfully thick, cheesy, reeking of garlic in a good way, just what I needed, comfort food that instantly made the days worries seem distant. The first bite was heaven, chewy center, crisp bottom, olive oil coating my mouth, ooey, gooey italian cheeses, saltiness from the black olives I ordered as a topping. This was pizza! Two slices and I was full, I drank my beer and paid the bill, and walked out with lunch and dinner for the next day. I must return here someday and have the same pie.
The pizza is great. Other food items might disappoint. They do deliver! Service is hit and miss. There is one rude,  smile-less bartender... I have actually seen him through the window and decided to go somewhere else because I was in the mood for good service.
Friday evening, my folks called me up and said they were out toward Mt. Lebo and asked if my wife and I wanted to meet for dinner. We said sure, and they chose Bado's. The place is nice with a warm, inviting atmosphere.  Our server was friendly, but clearly dealing with to my tables. He actually made me feel anxious when he'd stop by! My family decided to split a traditional pizza with pepperoni and mushroom. My wife and I added a dozen Guinness/ Honey Mustard wings and split a Reuben.  The wings came out in record time and were pretty good. Although, I still don't think the Guinness aspect did anything for the flavor. They sure tasted like any other honey mustard wing I've ever had.  The Reuben was average, but very large. It came with potato chips and a pickle spear. For the $9 price tag, you'd think they could do fries over chips.  The pizza was good; not great. Based on reviews, I thought the pizza would be even better. Maybe I'm being a bit picky, but there are enough great pizza joints in the city that you can afford to be.  All in all, Bado's is a nice place to have a casual dinner. I wouldn't go out of my way to try it, but if you're local give it a go. If you want an inviting atmosphere where you can enjoy a beer, have some pizza and enjoy the company of friends or family, this won't disappoint.
This is a popular place so usually skip it due to a short wait list...just don't want to wait  for pizza and so many pizza shops in the area.  No wait on this Friday night.  Bado's has  all that you need..a good beer selection, neat atmosphere, and more than pizza..pub grub, lots of options here.  The wait staff was good and on the ball.    But the pizza is what most people talk about so we ordered "Bado's  Famous Pizza"   (the traditional, Our most popular crust)" and the hot wings.  It did not take long and the pizza and wings came out.  The wings were hotter than most places and pretty good.  The pizza crust was a little thicker and nice flavor and chewy, good though I tend to prefer thinner crust.  All in all, a nice place, good beer, good service and food.
Bado's is a nice place to go to get decent food. Pretty average as far as I've seen so far. The reason for 3 stars is that the bar is small and the beer is over priced. I understand it's micro and craft beers on tap but there are other places near by with the micro and crafts for less with better atmosphere. Big plus to the bartenders though, very nice and helpful.
I would love to say that the service and food were wonderful, but that would be a complete lie. Beginning with the service, I would have expected to receive the type of service from a dive bar or college bar. The servers had no idea what they were doing and payed more attention to their cell phones than the actual customers. When we would randomly get our servers attention, she was rude and condescending. We waited 12 minutes to get refills and when she did pick our cups up she grabbed them from the inside, (her under nails were black by the way). As was said earlier, all the customers around our table were not being attended too because social hour was more important for the servers. The food wasn't too bad, but it wasn't anything great. I could compare it to any other bar food. After seeing the way the servers conducted themselves and how they treated their work environment it would not surprise me the kitchen was being treated the same. I have worked in restaurants and hospitality for close to 14 years, so i would think i would know how to conduct myself, my work environment and most importantly my customers. Giving 3 stars is generous.
Went there on 1/31 (Friday) with my wife & other family members. Finding a parking space was kind of a pain. For those who don't know, Beverly Road has a one block business area in the middle of a residential area & parking is at a premium. Had to wait about 20-25 minutes for a table, so we had a couple drinks. Large beer selection & good bartenders.  Before I get into the food, I wish to comment on the wait staff, which consisted of mostly people in their late teens-early 20s. Maybe it's the times we live in, but many people have a notion that people in this age range are lazy & don't care much about the work they're doing. These people are the exact opposite. They were pleasant, helpful, & were busting a hump on that evening. Great job, guys!  I ordered the Pastrami Swiss burger. It was large & juicy, cooked to order & tasted good, but could've used more pastrami. Fries on the side could've used a little more of a crisp, but were tasty (& I'm not a big fan of french fries). The pizza that my wife & our company ordered looked very good.
The pizza is fine, not the best or worst I have ever had. However, it is outrageously expensive. As in $45 for a medium one topping and a large two topping. That is insane. This is not including tip or anything else. Their wings are ok, and beer selection is good, but service is hot or miss. We go there because it is close to home. Bado's has so much potential - great location, great space. I think they have gotten complacent.
So I had a gift certificate from a local radio station to Bado's, so I checked it out. I want around seven on a Monday night, also Columbus Day if that has any impact, and there was really no crowd.  My server, Barry, was very nice and was very good.  Right off the bat, I'll explain why am taking two stars away. The service was a little bit too fast for me between my two courses as within maybe three minutes of my salad being taken away my pizza came right out. Normally I'm a fan of fast service but that was a little bit too fast for me. I'm also taking a star off, and whoever reads this review will probably think this is a stupid reason but this review is my opinion, because the salads with the exception of a few or overpriced compared to the other appetizers.  I had the grilled portobello mushroom salad and the 4 cut margherita pizza.   The salad was huge but great, the house Italian dressing complemented the salad really well. The salad was a nice mix of mushroom and greens, though I'd have preferred a bigger helping of greens. Of course you're not going to like this salad if you don't like mushrooms.   The pizza was tasty and pretty well done. Oh my goodness was it tasty. You could really taste the tomatoes and basil playing off each other and neither was overpowered by the cheese. Secondly, the tomatoes tasted fresh, not like the canned, heavily processed kind or tomato paste but like the diced San Marzanno organic tomatoes you can buy at fancier grocery stores. That went a long way for me with the pizza.   The con for the pizza: I have to say it was weird to me that the crust was this weird mix of crispy and kind of hard to cut and then perfectly chewy. The actual bottom of the pizza was crispy, like it should be so the pizza doesn't fall apart, but it was a little too crispy for my tastes as there were a couple points where I had a hard time cutting the pizza into bite-size pieces. I also have to comment that two of my slices, the two that I ended up bringing home because I was stuffed, hadn't been fully cut apart and that was a little annoying. I can overlook it, but it's still something I want to comment on.   This isn't the kind of pizza that you can easily just pick up and eat with your hands because there is so much to it. It's a very dense pizza.   I want to end this review by commenting on the slightly weird pricing for the pizzas. The pizza is priced based off of how many slices the pizza is cut into. And, I feel the pizza was a little bit pricey for the four slice pizza that I got, it was just under $13.   That all said though I had a fun time at Bado's and I'll go back.
The pizza is very good and the beer selection is great. The restaurant needs to improve on service. In the last two visits I received the wrong food and this time I had to get another drink at the bar because my waiter went missing for 15 minutes.
Great beer selection and the food is good. My gripes are that it's always so loud in there that I have to shout across the table, and the layout of the place itself is weird. It can be hard to get seating if it's busy.
The booth we sat in was broke but no issues other than that.  The Buffalo Chicken pizza was amazing.  The server was friendly too. She did forget our drinks which was no big deal.
This is our first time here. We had heard from family that this was really good pizza place. We ordered both a thick and thin crust pizza...and they were both really good.  The sauce wasn't sour, and the toppings were fresh and tasty.   Now...as for the service...the waiter was grumpy. He did what we asked him to, but acted unpleased about it.   As for the integrity of the place...they have a permanent sign saying Monday special -  "$1 off draft beer (some restrictions apply)." We ordered 8 draft beers...4 different types. When the bill came, I asked the waiter about the Monday drink special. He had to go ask the manager, but explained to us it was only one 1 beer.  Try had dozens of draft beer, and how they make the mental leap of "some rstrictions" to damned near all restrictions show a complete lack of integrity.   The pizza was good...but the whole integrity issue raised the question of what else are they doing behind the curtain that may not be in the up and up.  Its good I live out of town, because I won't be back. No pizza is worth the experience we had here.
I really, really want to love this place because it has so much going for it....above average food, close to my house and top notch beer. But every time I go, the service is below average. I know most places in Pittsburgh aren't very attentive when you are eating and drinking as a solo patron, but it would still be nice to have some acknowledgement beyond food order and check. Other than that the pizza is pretty good (although not my favorite in the area) and the lunch time buffet is a great bargain.
I have been coming here for years. My kids like the pizza but I think it is just average and for an 8-cut which is what we get, it is very small pieces. The bread sticks however are so soft and warm and very delicious! Their Italian hoagie and Italian calzone lack flavor. These items are all I have ever had here and they do require more spices as everything (except the bread sticks) is pretty bland. They are also kind of pricey so we do not go here often because of that. Our service is usually pretty good, we have had some bad servers there but that is not the norm.
Get what you pay for with a cheap  priced haircut.  Average cut.  Fine for the money.   If you care about your hair this isn't the place for you.
I saw this little store on while driving by, and had to stop in. It really is reminiscent of the small neighborhood stores that are so popular in Latin America. The owner was extremely friendly and helpful. They allow for local businesses to advertise on their show window, so i thought that was kind of cool.   The store itself is packed with items from Mexico. Menudo, black beans, tortillas among other merchandise that is native to Mexico. If I have a gripe, its that the store did seem a bit dingy and in need of a good scrubbing.
I like McBroom's for their selection but the prices are higher than I am used to paying for beer that can be found at most other distributos. The stuff you can't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh makes sense to have a price hike but the few times I've tried to get cheap/party beer it is always 2-4 dollars more per case than anywhere else. I am pretty sure they are owned by the same people as D's Six Pax so I find it funny that a lot of other reviews claim to find it "sweet" that the D's servers sent them here for cases.  McBroom's selection is worth the prices, but the staff usually give the bare minimum of help and sometimes don't acknowledge that they have customers in the store. If you are in the area or looking for something special they are great, but I wouldn't go out of my way for this place on a regular basis.
Great selection that you won't find elsewhere.  Especially brands I haven't seen before.  It is a bit cramped in here, watch your step, I about fell/tripped a dozen times in here.  There is a cooler if you were looking to take something out and start drinking right away.  And the staff are helpful if you need the help.  Most times people walk in with what they want in their mind already, so they sometimes look bored.  The negatives of this place, parking is horrible.  Especially on that stretch of South Braddock.  Stay away during the evening rush.  Everyone seems to be trying to get out of the city and think that taking this route to bypass the tunnels will alleviate their time.  Also, the prices seem a bit outrageous on certain items.  Might be better off going elsewhere if you are looking for the more exotic.  But for this area, you would think that with another distributor less than a mile away, prices would be better.
This place came highly recommended when I moved to Pittsburgh two years ago. They have an amazing beer selection, good dogs and they must have expanded the place in the last year because they have a pull up garage wall that I never noticed before. Fries are good too.   Something about it is gimmicky to me but I'll let it go. Might as well stop here first before going to see a movie across the street...
It's getting three stars for the beer selection.  The hot dogs are nothing special, nor is one enough if you're hungry. I can buy a package of hot dogs at Giant Eagle and get the same effect times 10. Last time I was there someone said the pizzas looked good. Next time.
Love the BEER CAVE - would make any beer-neanderthal happy! Sorta like grabbing a cold one out of your friend's fridge, except D's has a giant selection.  The servers were pretty friendly, even when it was last call. I can't say the food was so great, but the beer options and good prices help to make up for it. This seems like an easy-going neighborhood bar, and I bet it's even nicer when the garage door window is open during the warmer months.
The hot dogs are somewhat disappointing and the beer is slightly overpriced, but you come here for the sheer selection of those beers. An enormous beer cave makes one feel like a kid in a beer store. Unfortunately, only their cheaper domestic/import selection is refrigerated, which really sucks cause you can't drink those beers you find int he beer cave right away. Still, if you're looking for selection, this is the place.
Even though they were out of the first beers we asked for (the Dogfish Punkin) this place hit the spot for a junk food craving. Vegetarians: the veggie dog is awesome, not rubbery or pale but nearly mistakable for an actual hot dog. I ordered one with kraut and mustard, and my boyfriend braved the three-cheese dog, which was hard to pick up but looked tasty. Their fries were good, and were generously portioned (definitely shareable) for a $1.50 small. Next time, we'll delve more into their beer selection.
Well, it has good hot dogs and a wide, wide variety of beer, stocking without pretense; Miller and Unibrau.  The hot dogs are good.  The beer is unfortunately not so cheap; six packs aren't much cheaper than just buying four or five beers.  Bad for groups more that four people; great for two or three.
I think their beer selection is much more impressive than their hot dog selection. although, mac and cheese on a hot dog is a pretty amazing option. but really, come for the beer cave and you won't be disappointed.
D's does the chicago style hot dog very well, they even use sport peppers which I can never find in the grocery store. The bun is steamed and features the quintessential poppy seed exterior.  D's beer selection is also great but I'm not much of a beer drinker so it's not something I've ever focused on. The general consensus I've heard is that there is better selection elsewhere and the prices are a little high but you can't beat both their hot dogs and their beer selection at the same time, making them a great bar.  Their fries are so crispy that I suspect they're double fried. They're tasty and the toppings available can turn them into a bastard concoction of delicious, artery clogging glory. There's been nothing on D's menu that I've been disappointed with.  The service can be a little hit or miss due mostly to the sheer amount of business they do on a Friday or Saturday night.
A day after the St. Patty's day libations the only thing I'm craving is some greasy junk food. Regent square hits the spot with some chili cheese fries straight from D's. Normally I enjoy fishing around the plentiful selection of booze. A hair of the dog was not gonna happen that hangover Sunday. I stuck to shoveling high calorie food into my gullet instead.  The last time I was here I selected from the hot dog menu, and they weren't that great. How can you mess up a frank you may be wondering?  I can only guess that it's the dogs themselves or the way they are prepared. They're kinda chewy. Dormont dogs rallies but the best Dog I've had was at Dirty Franks in Cbus OH. The chili cheese fries are good though. So today I made sure to get my fries fix in and try a burger. This weekend I had burgers on the brain! My BF and I got the Balboa, the BBQ Texas, and two dogs, mac n' cheese and Mason Dixon with with cheese.  The burgers had really delish toppings but the meat was so dry. It was overcooked and did not have one bit of juicyness dripping down my hand. Missing that major component they were truly lackluster. The macaroni dog wasn't that great either. Mac n' cheese should be creamy, salty, buttery. So sorry but this weenie came up flat too. I did like the Mason Dixon! The crunchy-ness of the coleslaw made a huge difference but the meat was still chewy and too salty. Could it be that I am too picky when it comes to my meat? If I am shopping for picnic eats I do go for Smith hot dogs WITH the casing or the large sized Hebrew Nationals. Now those are the mouthwatering crowd pleasers I'm talkin' about!
I'm a vegetarian and everything, but man, sometimes all you want is a hot dog.  And you can get this at D's.  Every hot dog or hamburger on their menu can be ordered vegetarian, which is both awesome and rare.  I ordered the Chihuahua (with avocado, cheddar cheese, salsa, and jalapenos) and my table split an order of fries.  SO GOOD.  Almost too good.  And you have to take a stroll around the beer cave.  It's not quite as impressive as I was hoping, but definitely worth the splurge to make your own 6-pack.  Last time I was in, I was able to purchase a 6-pack of porters - Anchor, Road Dog, Saranac caramel, Duck-Rabbit, Old Leghumper, and something else I can't remember - for a friend.  I'll definitely go back.
My husband and I live walking distance to D's and we do love D's... but the place is always so crowded and noisy, that I can't give it more than 3 stars.    I can't add much in the way of reviews here as to the food here, I think everyone has pretty much hit the nail on the head. The dogs are good, and I am happy they have veggie dogs. Beer selection is amazing.  It's very family friendly, so if that's what you are looking for this is the place for you. Personally, I work with children all day  & love them to death, don't get me wrong... but I find parents here tend to let their children act out a lot, and I find it really distracting and not relaxing. Since I am with children all day, I like my meals to not involve yelling and running children. So to solve that problem, we just order take out and eat our dogs at home!
Their hot dogs and fries are affordable and good but even though they have like 300 different beers in bottle their beers are over price and will triple your tab. That and yet have a limited draft menu.
My three stars are for the decor, wow so much to see! There was a giant mural on the wall to the left of our table with just about every iconic figure from Kermit the Frog, to Einstein really it was a sight to see. My little sister, little bro and I had a blast playing where's Waldo, while we waited for our order's to be taken. The  decor and wall murals were about the most interesting thing about our dining experience.  For a meal for 3 people I spent $50 ouch that's a little high for a hotdog shop and something I wasn't expecting such a high bill.  The kiddies did enjoy their meals, we got cheese and chili fries, a mason Dixon dog, a red alert dog,  two beef dogs with mustard and ketchup, two drafts of pumpkin ale(for me) and a Philly cheese steak.   The dogs are  bigger than average, but the chili tasted like your standard chili from a can, I was hoping that with the price tag of $5.00 a dog the chili would have more character.   My little bro proclaimed at the end of his meal, "I'm full, I've never  been full off of two hotdogs!"  I'll do anything to put a smile on kids face, even though the food fell flat, the restaurant was fun and we smiled laughed and jokes through a rather mediocre meal.
Generally, I like D's I. The restaurant itself has a cozy feel to it, and their large beer cave is one of the few places where I can get some of my favorite import beer.  Note, the Czechs make more than just Pilsner Urquell. Je to pravda! Most of the staff are very friendly, and the managers are always quick to help if you need assistance.    Some of you may get angry with me, but I simply cannot review D's I without comparatively rating it against its sister restaurant, D's II in Monroeville.  And no, I couldn't possibly care less that the latter is in an old Pizza Hut.  That's right, I prefer D's II to D's I. Hear me out.    First of all, D's I' drafts are all about a dollar more expensive than those in the suburbs.  Why the upcharge?   Also, after being spoiled by the very large menu selection at D's II, I'm always a little disappointed when dining at Regent Square.  No wraps, no steak salad, no variety of sandwiches.  I will say that the food they do serve is good.  I enjoy their pizza and their daily hummus offering.    D's I has a much smaller draft selection and lacks a full bar.  Fine.  It's a smaller location and it stays true to its original "beer bar" theme.  Sometimes, however, I like to mix it up.  And I can do that more easily at the Monroeville location.  Obviously, I's beer cave trumps II's beer... um... outcove?   So all of that warrants a four-star rating.  Why the three? Like its suburban counterpart, I'm docking a star for closing so early.  Even when there is a crowd, the staff closes at 11:00 (Su-W) or 12:00 (Th-Sat) on the DOT.  That's just not responding to demand!  Overall, I don't dislike D's I.  Quite the contrary.  After all, three stars means "A-OK."  But to me, D's Regent Square doesn't go beyond that.
D's Six Pax & Dogz is a legend in the east end. I have eaten here once or twice and gotten takeout from here once. It's tasty, and the beer selection is impressive, but the experience hadn't quite knocked my socks off until last night.   My husband ordered some to-go food to eat while we were at the nearby The Loft bar. He ordered the Mac'N Cheese hot dog with Fries. The hot dog was incredible! The mac and cheese was so delicious that I asked one of The Loft's bartenders for a fork to finish off the 1/2 cup of mac and cheese that had fallen off the bun and was laying sadly in the styrofoam box. I wasn't wasting a bite of that deliciousness. The fries were really tasty, too -- super crispy and perfectly seasoned.  Based on my overall experience at D's, I still rate this place 3 stars. However, if I have a few more of the Mac'N Cheese hot dog and Fries combinations, I may be quickly updating my review!
The food is always sort of room temperature, but it's delicious!  There's a cave. Of beer.  There's always a longish wait to get a seat, but I can say, they do their best to accommodate. My first time here, we had a large group and failed to call ahead, yet they found somewhere to put us and took good care.  This area of town is adorable, and I'm looking forward to heading out in the spring time and enjoying some hot dogs in the warm air!
"Meh" is kind of how I felt about this place, which I realize is an opinion that seems to go against the grain. I had heard about D's time and time again. Everyone talked about it like it was the greatest place in existence. I had such high expectations!   I suppose maybe I was expecting too much, which led to some disappointment. A few friends and I went here on a Friday night and it was (predictably) packed. We were fairly lucky to get a table almost right away.   I obviously had to acknowledge that the beer selection is impressive. If you can't find it here, you probably can't find it anywhere in Pittsburgh. I had to check out the famous "Beer Cave" which seemed to have just about everything. I think I'll make it a point to pick up some brews here next time I'm looking for something unusual or new.  I wish I had more to say, but I just wasn't feeling it. My friends love it so I'm sure I'll be back, and next time I'll make it a point to try the food. Judging by some of the other reviews, that might change my perception of the place.
Great fries.  Lots of bar food -- burgers, six packs, dogs...etc.    The restaurant is small and got VERY crowded.  A few tables and wooden chairs and a couple of high top tables by a garage door that I imagine opened when it is not frigid cold out like tonight.  It is like a beer bar without a bar.  Several beers on tap...I imagine that is the reason for the crowd because it certainly isn't the food.  The food is greasy Pittsburgh fare that doesn't seem really all that great.  Granted, I loved the fries.  But would I wait for 30 minutes for a table for really unhealthy, generally unimpressive food?  Nope.    Fortunately we had just beaten the crowds or I would not be writing this review.   After we were seated, people poured in.  Families with little kids and groups of older adults standing in the crowded doorway waiting for the opportunity to eat mediocre food.  Hmmm....makes me think a new restaurant in Regent Square is in order because there is clearly a deficit.
I was really excited to try D's Six Pax and Dogs. But from the moment my friend and I walked in on a Friday at lunch time, we were kind of bummed.  We sat down at the bar, and the bartender refused to even acknowledge us, let alone serve us.  So we switched to the other side of the space.  The service on the other side was better but a tad slow.  I started with the macaroni and cheese ($3.00).  It was just doctored Kraft mac and cheese, with a bit too much salt, but for the price is was reasonable and good.  I ordered a Chicago dog ($5.50), and the hot dog was an all star for the most part.  It was an authentic Chicago style dog, and the toppings were fantastic.  My friend ordered a Big Ben hot dog, and it was pretty gross.  The cheese picked up the vinegar-y taste from the coleslaw, and it made the cheese taste sour.  Not appetizing at all.    D's grills their hot dogs, which is normally fine.  However, both my friend and my dogs came out very burnt.  One of hers was literally inedible, and these hot dogs are pricey.  The server did not say anything about the practically untouched hot dog and just took it off of the table.  They do have some daily or lunch specials for cheaper hot dogs so check that out.  The verdict?  I would come back here for a Chicago dog and ask them to boil it to prevent the risk of a singed dog, and I would return for the beer cave.
D's is a typical bar food type of place.  It's size makes it cozy and in general it has a nice, happy ambience.  The food is nothing spectacular but not bad as well - even though the hot dogs are pretty good.  It has a large selection of drafts and there is also a back "room" where you can buy pretty much any beer that exists either for taking it to your home or for having it with your dinner.  The service was fast and helpful.  I am sure I will be visiting this place again in the future but just do not expect something spectacular.
Beer selection- awesome.  Food- ok.  The wings need to be ordered extra crispy in my opinion.  The D's house sauce was not good.  The swissvale gold was really good.  Ok service.
Great beer selection. Food is tasty, but nothing to write home about. Getting a seat can be a problem during lunch or dinner time particularly on weekends.
Good: Food was good, came out extremely fast and was priced well.  My chicken salad was huge and everyone at the table seemed to enjoy their food.  Staff was very nice and our server was fairly attentive to the table.  After our meal we ventured into the beer cave.  I pieced together a 6pack of various craft brews (all which were $1 if you are packing them to go) to take home.  Plenty of great offerings in the beer cave..almost everyone of my favorites were available.  Bad:  The place was pretty busy and didn't seem well organized.  If you're waiting for a table there's not really any place to stand while you wait.  Our server was often distracted and stopped in the middle of our order to talk with another server.  The layout isn't the greatest and staff often walked by and knocked into my chair as I ate.  When I rang out (I don't think they take your bill up...ours was presented and our server never came back?) the girl at the front started to ring up another couple behind me before I grabbed my 6 pack off the counter.  Verdict:  Again, everyone was super nice...maybe I just caught them on an off night and everyone was frazzled.  Either way..the food was good, the prices were good, and the people were cool.  I'll gladly go back if given the chance.
This is a Regent Square establishment and a fun place to watch a game, have a drink and most importantly have a hot dog.  Very friendly bartenders and wait staff.  The menu sports a variety of simple to gourmet hot dogs along with other items.  They have several TV's mounted for viewing of games at the bar and they have loyal locals who frequent the bar.  Outdoor seats are nice for a sunny day.  Be sure to ask about hot dog specials!
Stopped in here for a beer on a Saturday night. Great selection of beers and the food looked good. Very busy on a Saturday night, but the staff seemed to handle the customers with ease.
The food is really good.  The beer selection is AWESOME. Sadly though, you pay a high price for the big selection of beer. Even at happy hour there are absolutely no good specials at this place.  For a meal and 2-3 beers look to pay anywhere from 25-35 dollars even at happy hour.
When I still lived in Regent Square it was a regular spot. I still go back now and again. It's nice because there's a mix of people there at any given time. Families with small children, couples on dates, groups of friends. All different ages. French fries and hot dogs are staples. Chicago dog is what I usually get. Nice beer selection. It can get really busy and the staff is always on their game.
This is an interesting store filled with antiques and nostalgia.  It is well laid out with an upstairs and downstairs for merchandise.  These are typically one of a kind items.  It is fun to spend a few hours looking through.  Some of the items are quite impressive: German clocks, ornaments, figurines.  Nice to take a look, have a bite to eat at one of the many nearby restaurants in Regent Square or stop for drink at one of the local bars.
I've taken my shirts there a few times and it's been fine. Once one my shirts came back with a chipped button. Fortunately, it was one of the lower buttons that isn't normally seen. When I brought that same shirt back again another time, they noticed the chipped button without my pointing it out and they replaced it free of charge. That was a nice surprise. Their prices seem pretty reasonable ($1.79/shirt) and their hours are pretty convenient being open until 8pm on weekdays, and open on Sundays too. I haven't brought any suits or items that actually require dry-cleaning, so I can't comment on that.
Fun bar, but if you aren't a smoker be prepared for your eyes to burn and your clothes to stink like cigarettes when you leave!  The usual Miller, Coors, Bud beers are cheap. No food. Just drinks.
For what it is, this place does the job. Cheap, powerful drinks without any distractions such as...dinner. There is a list of available wines posted outside the front door, but why on earth would you come here for wine? It's a beers-and-booze place all the way.   At 8pm on a Friday night, the front room was perhaps a quarter full. The bartender was friendly and the service was snappy, but I can't picture this being a regular destination. The air is thick with cigarette smoke, and the decor grim and dingy, with more light coming from the TV than from the overheads. I guess what I'm saying is, it's exactly what I picture an OTB from the early 80s to have been like.  Verdict: if you want a quick drink (and I mean "drink," not "cocktail"), it's a bargain. Recommended for time travelers, day boozers, and folks who hate HVAC.
Yeah it's dirty and smoky, but so what? It's got cheap beer and is an ok spot for a quiet pint. The front bar feels a bit grotty but the back is big and it's fine to hang out in. Nothing special but not terrible either.
Rating on bar/drink service only.  Total dive bar, which I love. The place is dimly lit and people were smoking inside. The alcohol was cheap but you have to pay cash, and they do not allow you to keep a tab. Not horrible, but kinda annoying.   I think this kind of bar would be fun for a group so you could take advantage of the shuffle board and stuff like that.
A pretty standard restaurant serving BLTs, grilled fish, burgers, etc. Prices are decent: about $6 for a BLT, $11-13 for an entree. Looks to be a good place for families with young kids, and large groups. Friendly wait staff.
Dunning's Grill is another one of those solid neighborhood joints.  Nothing on the menu here'll surprise you, but you'll get good chow for your buck here.  We're taling standard bar fare here--burgers, wraps, fish sandwiches, and variations of fried and grilled chicken.    It's a good place to meet up with your friends before or after a movie at the nearby Regent's Square as I did.  I had the BLT which was as good as any other BLT I've had at least a dozen other places.  They have vegetarian options here but if you're a true vegetarian or vegan be forewarned!  They're really meatless variations of their regular menu items.
Ok, to ALL the hipsters and east end snobs... everything can't be oh so trendy and veganese.  I say that with love, as I have my foothold in the trendy hipster scene as well.   Dunnings is GREAT.  Great Pittsburgh fare at reasonable prices, since when did $10 become too much for a burger?  I highly recommend anything fried or on a bun from Dunnings, you will not be disappointed.   When it comes to the dinner selections, I think it just depends on the cook in the kitchen.  The service is friendly, the decor is old school but well maintained.   I just get so frustrated with a lot of these comments because it seems like a lot of the yelpers excpect gold dust when they spend upwards of $5.
I live in the neighborhood and love to patron local establishments. However, Dunning's doesn't impress me. Kind of reminds me of an old timer, stuffy bar/restaurant. The food is ok. Typical and kind of boring. I think the prices are on the higher end for what they serve.
I visited here for the first time today, although I've had drinks from here before. The kid at the counter was nice enough, so service was not an issue. The atmosphere inside pretty much sucks though...and you have to work pretty hard to make a cute little neighborhood coffee shop have zero atmosphere.   The first thing you see when you walk in a sign alerting you of the "RULES": to not use your cell phone at the counter, and that you must pay for something to sit inside, use the restrooms, or use the WiFi. Now, I understand the sentiment of these rules, they are common sense and fair. But it's a rather negative note to start off your experience being yelled at by a sign assuming you are there to steal their interwebz. It just doesn't feel warm or welcoming somehow. The front counter is poorly organized and rather unattractive. If it ever gets busy in there I'm willing to bet it gets rather chaotic.  I ordered an iced vanilla latte, so I was quite surprised when the kid pulls out a pitcher from the fridge of what I can only guess was refrigerated espresso. That was rather disappointing; there's no reason an iced latte shouldn't be prepared with fresh espresso shots. Not surprisingly, it tasted bitter like...old espresso. Then I finished the drink to find the cup was 90% full of ice. I mean, come on. My lemon almond biscotti was delicious. The rest of the offerings in the pastry case appeared pretty underwhelming though; standard prepackaged muffins and cookies. With the number of excellent bakeries in this area, I don't see why they couldn't partner up with someone to provide some higher quality foods.   I think this place could learn a lot from Square Cafe as far as decor and atmosphere go. It needs a little pep, a little warmth, SOMETHING. And they need to learn how to make iced lattes correctly. And they could also use an upgrade on their website...it's pretty amateurish and has a 1992 flair... Basically they just need to show a little effort.  I love to support local businesses, but there should be more of a reason for me to return than the fact that it's the only coffee shop in town.
Passable, cheap Chinese food. I like the Kung Pao chicken, but they definitely put in too many carrots.
the battleship. 26" of good bun fresh meats tons of lettuce and tomato all for 11 bucks?  ill admit, driving through and parking on the streets of swissvale brought me closer to God since i said a prayer that my car was going to start.  i saw the place was held up a month after we were there but that could happen anywhere. good sub, i omitted salt and pepper and oragano bc it just doesnt seem right on a cold sub.  they have hot subs too, maybe take my chances and go there for a cheesesteak
My friends and family rave about this place, but I am not a big fan at all. Every time I've gotten a sub, the bread is dry and crumbly (I like my bread to be fresh), and their toppings are limited. I do support small business tho, so if I'm hungry and in the swissvale/Rankin/Braddock area, I'll pick up one to share. But otherwise, I'd rather opt for a sandwich in regent square or on the waterfront.
Stopped in and had a battle ship,fresh bread and good eats.it's definitely worth a return visit.
Want a huge hoagie? Triangle bar is the place to go.  I decided to take a drive and try a place that I know has a legacy of being a Pittsburgh hoagie place to try.    Beer:  I know that they have a bar, but taking my meal as takeout, I did not drink.  Food:  I got the Super Battleship which was 2+ feet of happiness.  The take out bag had to weigh five pounds of meat cheese and toppings.  The bread of the hoagie was fresh and had many different meats (even though I do not know exactly what they were) was perfect on the sandwich.  Overall, the hoagie hit the spot but being the first time going here, I ordered it with everything, not knowing what everything was.  The one item I would pass on would be getting it with Mayo.  It was overwhelming.    Pros:  They have plenty of different types of hoagies to get and would be perfect for big parties.  Cons:  Not the cleanest place in the world and the building shows its age and personality, so it stays true to its roots.  The line to order was long, but that highlights the demand for the hoagie.        Conclusion:  Will revisit in the future but going no mayo the second time around.
the food was excellent and you can always get you a good drink while you're there the services are right we always stop after we go bowling the atmosphere is on right prices are reasonable the employees are very friendly it's not too far from where I live at I would recommend this restaurant to others it has been this location for a number of years their battleships are amazing I would advise if you come to Pittsburgh to have to stop and check out this place you have to wait long for your food and the drinks are reasonably priced
This location is somewhere between the size of the Squirrel Hill location (tiny) and the Waterfront location (huge). It has all the basics, but it's a bit old and neglected. If you have the option, I'd suggest going to the Waterfront location instead, across the Rankin bridge.
This Giant Eagle just went through a recent face lift renovation. I can't speak to the employees or the cleanliness of the store, though I will say it's ghetto level is about a 5 or 6 out of 10.   What I really want to say about this Giant Eagle is that they added a Cafe! Yes, a cafe and if you live in pittsburgh you know what that means! 6 Packs of Beer at a reasonable price. Even though they have a limit to how much beer you can buy per visit it's still the best way to buy 6packs in Pittsburgh. It will cost you a extra buck or two but it's still better than most bottle shops I have ever been to.
Fairly typical chain grocery store. Although I have my reasons for liking them:  1) Discounted Kennywood Tickets 2) Good selection of Pittsburgh Specific food (i.e. Isaley's Chipped ham, etc.) 3) Cheaper than a whole foods/wawa
I don't remember the last time I stepped into a fast food burger joint.  Every time I come here, whether it be midday, evening, or late night there is ALWAYS a wait in the drive thru.    Go at the right time and the person doing the drive thru intercom could be the best entertainment you get in a while.    Oh, yeah, the food isn't all that bad either, props for the "fresh cut fries."
My first visit to the chain in years. Not exactly fine dining but this was open until midnight on weekdays.  I had roast beef sliders and a bowl of French onion soup. The sandwich buns were mushy otherwise everything was fairly good.  Service was very good. Meal clocked in around $15 with tip which I think is 3 or 4 too high. Much more extensive menu than Denny's along with a bar if you happen to need a late night fill up.
Great food, sub-par service, and little attention to detail.   We recieved the wrong order due to the server's error.   No compensatory effort was made.   not even a free dessert after waiting an "EXTRA" 2 hours.   Bottomline, dont eat here unless u got some spare time to blow.
Oh, American fast food chains.  How large your portions.  How nostalgic you are.  We were the proud owners of a gift card to Applebee's (Christmas gift!) and the best part of this gift was my boyfriend's reaction to me later.  He has never been to an Applebee's.  Or an Olive Garden.  Or a Chili's.  His first time at a Red Lobster was with me when we were stuck in a strip mall hell for the night.  So he's new to these restaurants, which so many of us grew up with.  I'd only been to an Applebee's a handful of times, but I was down to go back - it seems like they sort of have everything, no matter what you're hungry for.  Since we're spending all our time now packing to move back to Chicago (WOOHOO!), we don't always have time to make dinner.  So we busted out the Applebee's gift card and journeyed to Edgewood Towne Center for some chain restaurant foods.    When we arrived, this server really awkwardly asked us to sit at the bar.  I missed the finer points of the interaction, since he was talking to my boyfriend, but he basically insinuated that he'd just sat some large tables, or something, and it was his turn to have a table in his section but he didn't have the time to serve us, or something, and he didn't want us to wait (for what, I'm not sure) so he was basically like "Can you sit at the bar?"  Which was weird because there were like, at least a dozen open tables.   But whatevs.  The cool kids sit at the bar, and we are the cool kids.  Chuck, the bartender, was running this show.  Dude.  He was on top of everything.  Taking orders, serving drinks, answering phones, getting takeout orders, keeping his bar neat and tidy - he was HOPPING!  We were both in awe just watching him.  That man is earning his tips, for reals.  So I'd recommend sitting at the bar if Chuck is working.  He's also cute, so bonus there.  The Applebee's bar is kind of a hilarious place - random people having drinks as if it's a real bar and not a restaurant, this one lady READING A BOOK WITH A GLASS OF WINE like it was some fancy cafe, some annoying fratty people....and us.  A healthy mix.  I had a Shock Top and my boyfriend had a Sam Adams - mad props for Shock Top on draft, not expecting that from Applebee's.  We ordered spinach and artichoke dip, which I believe was half price (as are all apps) during happy hour.  It was served with regular tortilla chips (like from a bag) but the dip itself was pretty tasty.  It was served in a really wide but shallow crock, and tasted appropriately spinachy and cheesy.  It was served very hot and was pretty satisfying!  My side salad arrived shortly thereafter, and it was amusingly huge for a side.  Iceberg lettuce, cherry tomatoes, crispy croutons, shredded cheese, tangy bottled Italian dressing on the side.  I bought it to balance out my entree, but somehow these iceberg lettuce salads never really feel healthy, you know? Like eating crispy water.  With cheese and croutons.  YAY HEALTH!  Then came the entrees - I got an order of wings (which I think is technically listed as an appetizer) with "Sweet and Spicy Sauce" which was listed as the second-hottest sauce on the menu.  They were pretty decent - served hot, juicy chicken, and the sauce was sweet and sticky.  It was a little *too* sweet for me - picture gloopy Chinese takeout in sweet sticky sauce, and that's what the wing sauce was like - but it still made a satisfying meal.  My boyfriend got one of their "special burgers" from their new New Orleans menu -something like a Bourbon Bacon burger.  They asked him "pink or no pink" which we thought was funny.  He said "pink," and the burger came out with like, a tiny touch of maybe-pink in the middle.  Medium-rare, this ain't!  He said it was okay.  Not great.  Just a burger.  I didn't taste it, I just nibble on a few of his fries, which were pretty average.  That all came in at around $30, aided greatly by the happy hour appetizer discount.  I have no interest in going to Applebee's again because I can get better burgers, pasta, chicken, bar food, everything, etc anywhere else, but if I was road tripping and needed a place to stop, this wouldn't be a bad choice.  Sit at the bar and hope Chuck is there, and enjoy pretty average versions of American bar food.
Consistent service @ the bar w Chuck pouring drafts and mixing up fruity delights. Decent food - don't expect great. Lots of under 500 calorie and Weight Watcher items. Several tv's to watch games. You'll find everyone from book-reading wives that didn't want to cook to laborers grabbing a cheap steak & a few cold ones to huge celebrations filling many tables. It's a great community asset for many.  The Ritz, it ain't.
We were immediately seated and warmly greeted by Shane, our server.   He informed us of the late night appetizers, which were 50% off, what a deal.  The Chicken Quesadillas were very good, quite delicious.
With this location being at a busy intersection off an exit from the Parkway makes it almost a nightmare to use this place.  Hardly any parking if you don't need to actually get gas.  The inside of the store is on the small side as well.  Doesn't help that the store part is changing from the BP branded store to a 7-eleven.  I swear that they decided it was amazing to put in an ATM that was four times the size than what was there before.  Be careful not to trip over the loose floor tiles as well.  Not very many choices for gas off the Edgewood/Swissvale exit, so maybe wait to go to another location.
It all depends on the chef who is performing for you . I have been here twice in last several months and felt everything was average . I have seen other chefs in different restaurants and they have put on a much better show .
What a great time we had... but credit goes to the company I'm lucky enough to keep, not so much to this particular Benihana location. Sooo... if you're a fan of Teppanyaki, this review may ring familiar. If you've not done Teppan style before... consider this a sort of "what to look for" primer.  There were five of us, sharing our table with a very nice young, near-newlywed couple; May 2010. Our table wait time, without a reservation, was about 35 minutes or so. (maybe they were waiting for a newlywed couple to join us?). And what lengthened the wait was the understaffed bar. We waited nearly 10 minutes to see a bar-server, and another 15 minutes to get our drink order. While everyone was friendly and apologetic, even apologies get old when they're used to salve away exceedingly slow service. Maybe the reason they appear to be busy, even on a Wednesday night.......? They had an abundance of tables celebrating "Birthdays." I'd guess I listened to at least twelve renditions of "Happy Birthday", sung by the "Greentree-Benihana-Bday Choir!" (Oi vay...... next time I'm bringing earplugs!)   :-))  My impression? This is Pittsburgh; not my destination for "great Japanese cuisine." So while this fine city certainly has some excellent eateries, when it comes to chain or franchised restaurants, you have to compare each location to the balance of their nation-wide organization. And having eaten at Teppan style restaurants for many years, and many Benihanas, I'd have to grade this particular location in the "C" range; very average.  Before we were seated, and while we were waiting in the bar, I spied the dining room. It appeared all the chefs were slow, seemingly ackward with their knives. And almost comically so. One Anglo chef, (no offense to Scandinavians that dream of becoming a Teppan-Guru), well, this guy looked like it was his first night, cutting off the shrimp tails...... almost one at a time, and still having a problem!? I think you get the idea. I've seen some Teppan-knife wielders, line up the shrimp and with one long swipe... de-tail-a-fy 30 with one stroke! Not here... some of the chefs may be on "beginner knife-speed restriction?"  As one reviewer mentioned; "...it depends on which chef you get at your table." And with Teppanyaki style restaurants, and especially Benihanas, it's very true. It shouldn't be like that, but here in Greentree, and the evening we went, (Wednesday night around 630p), it was like going to a "Barber College" to get a free haircut, and trying to figure out how to judge the best out of a group of "beginners." Our chef was possibly the best of the crowd, (sounds like... "You have to go to my doctor, he's the best!"), but if compared to all the Benihanas I've visited, he too would be a C to C- level; maybe a "brown belt" in marshall arts vernacular? He did the "flip shrimp tail into the hat and pocket trick"..... finally making it on the third try. But he did smile throughout the demo. (A good attitude is worth allot in my book.)  The food? Pretty good. Essentially, we ordered "everything on the right side of the menu"... mainly because I was treating my customer service staff... the greatest asset I have for my sales region. And because one of them had never Teppanyak-eed, I made sure we tried everything! Sushi, lobster, filet steak, scallops, shrimp, calamari, chicken..... well, you get the idea. What with the added rice and vegetables, it was a "belly-busting-feast." And again, because of the great company, we had a wonderful time.  So overall, I gave this restaurant 3-stars. It was the total experience. The food was good, and more important, the company was great. But as you can see from my comments, I felt like this particular Benihanas location was struggling to meet the corporate concept; trying to do it with Pittsburgh locals who, from the hosts to the bartending staff, to the chef and server staff, just seemed like misfits. Had this been a "Lone Star Steakhouse", or a "Fridays", I'd have felt everything fitted just right.
Only complaint was when we arrived we were basically told we had to wait for another party to arrive prior to being seated.  Was told we could go to bar---after saying no we wanted to be seated they agreed.  We made reservations for 3 and had no idea who other party was so why could we not be seated---we were not asking to be served.  Over all experience was nice.  Waitress very nice and attentive and so was Chef.
It's okay for me. I don't love it but I don't hate it either. The sushi and hibachi were good but nothing to be crazy over, imo.  Went here on a weekend so it was really busy so we sat in the bar seats instead.
Ok. It started out as a rough night . 40 minutes late honoring our reservation, lack of communication from management. Slow service once we did get seated. Our 8:30 reservation was not met with any food until at least 9:30. Really crazy. However, it was made alllll better by our chef, Tito. When we go back and we *will* go back -- we will ask for Tito.  Is he Japanese? No, but he is awesome.   To apologize the manager did comp our entire meal... We were a party of 10 -- and we took good care of our servers...it really wasn't their fault. Happy Xmas eve Tito you know how to do it right. Thanks.
Benihana has always been one of my favorite Hibachi places, but the last couple of times we went, service wasn't too good. Our cook appeared to be high and dropped things during his presentation. He had us worried while he controlled the fire of the stove top and flipped items in the air because he just did not seem to be experienced or professional. The food is always very good though and I have never been disappointed by it! The green tea ice cream is especially unique and delicious! I also love their buttery lobster and would definitely order it again! I really hope that Benihana stays strict on who represents them on the floor and monitors their workers' quality of work more because they have the name and the product down.
This place has the weirdest entrance ever. Just be prepared.   Came for my sons 5th birthday last night. He's a little foodie. The restaurant itself is nice and we were seated pretty quickly.  Our waitress showed up 2 seconds later to take drink orders and appetizer/sushi orders. I just asked for water and some time to actually look at the menu. several min later out waitress came back with drinks and asked to take orders. I ordered chicken and steak along with a cranberry mojito. Quickly after taking orders our waitress brought out our soup. I liked it but it lacked salt. Before I even finished the salad course came out. I was able to enjoy both before the chef came out to prepare our meal. What did bother me was all the dishes in our area. I can't stand a dirty table and I wish our waitress would have removed them sooner. Our chef Penny wasn't the best hibachi chef I've seen but she was great with my son and he really enjoyed watching her. She was honestly a lot of fun. The hibachi itself was pretty good. I liked the fried rice which is an up charge. The steak was good and so was the chicken. I honestly don't think it was anything special. Dessert was ice cream also nothing special.   So to sum it up our waitress seemed overwhelmed and managed to make me feel rushed even though I feel she could have visited our table a few more times then she did. That along with being overpriced is why only the 3 stars.
Benihana is good, yes, but it is not updated as other hibachi restaurants. The furnishings, carpet, set up hasn't changed in years and the staff/food isn't always up to par. I can eat Paleo here though, which was a new discovery. I've always appreciated sushi, but I never ordered it raw without the fun additions of tempura, sesame seeds, soy sauce, cream cheese, and everything else that makes sushi AWESOME, so this was a new experience. I ordered the Tuna Tatiki, which was 10 chunks of raw tuna. I ordered it without sauce or seeds. It was a little tough to get down because there were so many pieces and after a couple raw pieces, I needed some extra searing, which they did for me no problem! The server was wonderful- she was helpful and had no problem going to extra mile for someone with diet restrictions! I was very happy about this because the last time we sat in the bar, our waiter was really odd. He didn't explain the foods and extra charges (our waiter last night did) and he seemed like we were bothering him. I was happy to have a better experience last night, but I do think that Benihana needs to monitor their staff better. I had negative experiences twice related to incompetent staff, which really made my overall feeling of Benihana go from positive to neutral. Not to mention, the last time I was there, perhaps because we got hibachi at the bar, but it was not very good at all, and I got the most expensive dinner on the menu: "Ocean's Treasure." More recently when I visited Benihana though (the same time I got the raw tuna), I had a better experience- I ordered salmon and yellowtail sashimi. I was very nervous to bite into a raw cut of fish by itself, but was pleasantly surprised at how good the cuts of fish were. The yellowtail had a sweeter taste and the salmon was less sweet, but more flavorful. It was a great to jump outside of my comfort zone and appreciate the rawest of the raw food! I would definitely recommend Benihana due to its location- I love that it is on a hill all to itself, and it's unique mark in Pittsburgh, but I would choose other hibachi restaurants before I would choose this one.
For my friend's birthday, we went to Benihana to celebrate. Honestly, the only time I have ever been to Benihana has been for birthdays. As many yelpers noted- their parking lot is VERY odd. Be prepared.  I wanted to try some items that I never had at Benihana before, so I decided I would be adventurous and try some sushi....vegetable sushi that is (I am not a seafood lover). The vegetable roll consisted of: green leaf, avocado, cucumber, tomato, red cabbage and yamagobo. I dipped it in some soy sauce and added a small dab of wasabi to each bite. I didn't love it- I think sushi just all around is not something that I enjoy the taste of.   For my meal, I ordered the hibachi chicken. My boyfriend ordered the spicy hibachi chicken. The first course was soup. It was a light, chicken broth based mushroom and green onion soup and it was decent, nothing crazy or packed with flavor. The salad came shortly after- ice berg lettuce, cherry tomatoes, thinly sliced radishes and ginger dressing. I loved the dressing! I wasn't a fan of the mediocre choice of greens and vegetables though.   The main portion of the Benihana/hibachi experience, is the show. Our chef was very nice and very talented. He recognized the birthday girl at our table and gave her a special chef's hat, haha. He prepared our vegetables, shrimp appetizer and main entrees in front of us. The vegetables consisted of zucchini and onions. I agree with other yelpers- the vegetables could be improved. The portion isn't very large and more variety could be added. Having said that, they were delicious. The shrimp was also very tasty.   My entire table ordered the fried rice with their meal and I HIGHLY recommend doing so, rather than ordering the white rice. The fried rice is made fresh right in front of you and is very good! The yum-yum sauce, of course, is the icing on the cake... SO GOOD. It went perfectly with the rice, chicken, veggies and shrimp. My whole table asked for additional sauce to go and the staff was very friendly and super accommodating! The hibachi chicken was very good and came with sautéed mushrooms. I really enjoyed my boyfriend's spicy hibachi chicken- the sauce was wonderful.    At the end of the meal, everyone had a choice of sorbet. I had the rainbow sorbet- it was the perfect ending to a delicious meal. The staff also took our picture and printed a copy for the birthday girl.  Benihana is not my favorite place to eat at all, but they are a great place to go for a birthday. The staff was wonderful, the food was good and we all had a great time. Oh and a side note- their Shirley temple's are awesome!
This may sound terrible, and I apologize in advance. But ever since all of the Japanese people left, this place hasn't been the same.  Years ago, this place was incredible!!!!  And don't get me wrong, I still eat here religiously. I mean, who doesn't love the shrimp sauce?!?!?!  But I feel like the atmosphere has changed drastically. I miss that authentic feel.
The place is awesome, the food is delicious, the waitress is kind...the White haired manager however, should not be working in any industry that has anything to do with customer service in my personal opinion.
I am sad to report that Mad Mex will no longer be making my very favorite dish: the three cheese three pepper enchilada. Or, so I was told by the waitress on December 28, when I was lucky enough to pass through Pittsburgh over the holidays. Boo hoo. I am sad.
The only reason I wouldn't rate this place any higher than a 3 is that it can be a hit or miss. This time was great!   FOOD: I ordered the chopper steak salad, which is grilled steak on top of a bed of greens with half an avocado, cherry tomatoes, corn, onions and a tortilla. The steak was tender and tasty with the ripe avocado. I had it with Ranch dressing. This combination was a light but filling dinner.
If you're a hardcore fan of authentic Mexican food, this is probably not the place for you.  The enchiladas remind me more of chilaquiles - definitely more layered than rolled.  The burritos are huge but it really drives me crazy how segmented they are.  One bite will be all rice, the next will be all meat.  The tofu tacos are okay, but the bean sprouts seem like a weird addition.  I know, you're probably thinking "What DOES this girl like about Mad Mex?"  If you can let go of any previous Mexican food experiences (or if you've never had Mexican food before, as I hadn't when I first went to Mad Mex), some things are ok.  The tofu tacos minus the bean sprouts.  The California grilled salad.  The chickpea chili and black bean soup, the potato taquitos.  Nachos, chips & salsa, and guacamole are all decent.  Their sides are ridiculously huge and the desserts are all ok (except the sopapillas).  Basically, stick to the least authentic stuff and you should be fine.  Additionally, some of their entrees are available with your choice of either chicken, steak, shrimp, portobello mushrooms or tofu.  They have tons of vegetarian options.  They have good happy hour deals and good late night margarita deals.  They have raspberry, strawberry, mango, and kiwi margaritas year round, with one or two seasonal flavors per month, plus a full bar, a bunch of tequilas and a huge, varied beer list that tends to focus on local beers.  So basically: the less you know about Mexican food, the less disappointed you will be.  If you're a fan of authentic Mexican food, either stick to something more basic like a salad, or pick a different restaurant.
Spent the weekend and Pittsburgh and started out Friday night at Mad Mex for Happy Hour and some dinner. Happy Hour was a pretty good deal with half price wings and cheap drafts. The wings were good and the beer selection is above average.  For dinner I had the carnitas enchiladas (i think). It didn't taste bad but I definitely had better Mexican elsewhere even elsewhere in Pittsburgh.
Do they still do the half-price late night menu here?  That used to be clutch.  Margaritas are solid and the food is good. They actually steam their burritos, so the tortilla is super-soft and warm.  Like the salsa here too.    All the way down Atwood, this place caps off a string of good multicultural restaurants.  It's the most fun of them all.
I'm always the first to say that I love Mad Mex.  I don't care that it's Tex Mex, just give me a supersized Dance Marathon Enchilada and I'm in dance party heaven!    What I was sad about at this location was the gauc,.  It was, how do you say....okay...it was just plain gross.  It tasted rotten!  Not the way you want your gauc to taste.  And for some reason I kept torturing myself by taking little bites to see what the heck was wrong with it!  The waitress, who was incredibly nice, took it back to see what was up with it.  She said she thought maybe it had too much lime in it.  I love lime and I don't really know how lime can make gauc taste rotten, but I was pretty bummed   The good?  My Dance Marathaon Enchilada, as always, was a party in my mouth!  And like I said, our waitress was super friendly and a great server!  She suggested to the seasonal Apple Cider Margarita.  I excited and scared all at once!  I've been digging the ciders lately, but in a marg?  A little scary.  First sip tasted a bit like cinnamon apple sauce.  A tad weird.  A couple sips later, I was into it.  I was also into caramel/sugar lining the rim of the glass!    Solid meal, I just missed the fresh, non weird tasting, gauc.  Until next time...practice safe Mex everyone!
I don't understand why I keep wanting to go back here. Maybe it is the large plate of food and blue corn bread that comes with the Carnitas Enchiladas, my preferred dish. Or maybe it is the kiwi margarita during happy hour, even though it gives me heart burn. I always leave this place thinking the service was mediocre, the food was standard, and that I probably should not have ordered 2 margaritas. I usually feel so stuffed I walk out like I am being pulled from my stomach. I usually need to sit in my car for a few minutes before I can drive away due to how stuffed I feel. I hate feeling this stuffed but I always order the Carnitas Enchiladas and never finish it.   Also, their chimi is frozen. I once asked if they could not put in the mushrooms and they revealed they freeze them, claiming this needs to be done to deep fry it. Not sure how truthful it is, but being a chain and freezing meals is not what I like in a restaurant.  The noise level in this place seems to be high, as in blasting pop music so loud it drains out other tables' conversations and makes you shout to the person in front of you. This is more often than not, yet sometimes it is not that loud.   They have outdoor seating which I say I want every time but when I peak around the corner before entering it reminds me of an outdoor bar or party. People standing at their table or over the fence railing with their drinks chatting. Not the atmosphere I prefer for dinner.   Some notable mentions are that the black beans are spicy, just how I like and the kiwi margarita is very tasty.   I give this place 3 stars because I feel it is mediocre and standard. Plus I always walk away paying more than I want, or think they deserve.
Wonderful ambiance and great selection of brews and food. Absolutely love the the tofu tacos and pineapple habanero salsa.  The stars are for the food and ambiance only. We dined here twice on our trip to Pittsburgh. The first time, our server was very attentive and a total sweetheart.   The second time, we took my Dad and his girlfriend out to dinner. The table was WAY too small for 3 people having fajitas. The main problem was even though the waitress came over to check on us, she never seemed to look down at the mountain of dirty plates and refills needed. She would ask if we needed anything? But  never gave us a chance to answer. We were always yelling after her, "more coffee!" "more water!"  We also felt like we were inconveniencing her. She never smiled or showed any enthusiasm. Seemed like a completely different experience from a few days prior.  We will definitely return to Mad Mex, but maybe hitting up the Shadyside location instead.
The fajitas were really good!!  They tasted a little different from most places.  Service at the bar was very slow and they weren't very busy.
I took my niece here last week for lunch and we enjoyed our food.  The guac was really good.  They gave us a lot, and we both had enough for another dinner.  When I was eating my left overs, I came across a piece of wood in my burrito...probably a piece of toothpick, but it was a turnoff and I threw the rest of my food out.  I deducted a star for that.
Fair warning: The servers here are quite unpleasant, surprisingly indifferent.  Being close to where I stay brings me here mostly. Southwestern wings with cilantro and garlic is pretty nice. Another reason to be here is they have ciders available. For main course my favorite are Enchiladas. The Super Mad Mex with chickpea is awesome n very filling. Chicken chimi is another good dish.  Burritos are quite, boring, to be honest. I can get a far better one at Chipotle. Same goes for tacos. Nothing inspiring there.   But despite "average" service, I like the ambiance and bar. Not a bad place to hangout.
I eat here a lot (like at least once a week, sometimes twice).  Margaritas are good, they have an EXCELLENT rotating draft beer selection.  Prices at happy hour are good for booze, and good for wings (though sometimes you get dinky wings at the happy hour price).  Overall food prices are high ($10 minimum for an entree, usually closer to $15).  A lot of their food is good.  They do really try.  It just isn't mexican, at all, period.  It's gringo through and through.  But, like I said, if you want waffle fries and wings in a mexican-like place, go here!  Wait staff is very good at this location.  Parking sucks (bad).
This location has such a different feel than the others around Pittsburgh. Perhaps it's the well-lit bar, or maybe it's that there's a new bartender every time I make it over here. In any case, it doesn't quite have the "feel" that North Hills and Robinson have.
Parking = terrible Service = just ok Food = decent Atmosphere = really nice but loud Drinks = margaritas are ok  Coming here I wouldn't get anything else other than the burritos it fajitas. Really disappointed in the quesadilla I had here. Guacamole is pretty bland but the salsa has a nice spicy kick. Neat place to hang out if in the mood for Mexican like food and atmosphere.
I'm a big fan of Mad Mex so why the 3 stars, I guess this is my least favorite location.  I really enjoy the Robinson and McKnight Road locations as I always feel the service and quality of food is excellent.    My disappointment from the Greentree location is the food.  I always order some version of an item that contains the Southwestern sauce b/c I love that stuff - whether it's the Wingo-rito, Tofu Wrapture or Los Wingos wrap - I'll order it!    Typically I order a side of the Southwestern sauce because like I said I LOVE the stuff and it's nice to dip the wrap or fries in it for an extra kick.  Typically when I've order one of my Southwestern sauce smothered wraps/burritos at Robinson and McKnight they douse enough of the sauce on the wrap that I only need to use the sauce on the side for my fries.  The Greentree wrap was so dry and had itty bitty drops of the sauce in the wrap so I'm glad I asked for a side of the sauce.  Also the waffle fries which typically come out hot, fresh and delish, were all welded together that I had to peel each one off the other.  It just seems that the times I've gone to the Greentree location the food isn't as well prepared as the Robinson and North Hills locations.
First of all, I have to say I didn't even realize there was a Mad Mex location in the South Hills! The location is a little hidden at the end of a shopping center off the main road. But I'm very happy this is here! I foresee myself meeting for margaritas in the future since it's so close to home!  My friend and I came here for our annual Gobblerito Friendsgiving meal. The Gobblirito was good as it is every year. I wish there had been a extra side of gravy or something since it did get a little dry. I'm not sure if it's a new thing this year or just something they do at this location, but there were black beans mixed in with the mashed potatoes, which I thought was a little weird.  I also got a strawberry margarita. I asked for it frozen, but the waitress said their "frozen thingy was down" so that was a little disappointing, but it was still good on the rocks.   Service was okay. Our waitress took awhile to get to our table but our food came out fast. I'd like to come back tho this location again to see how the normal menu items are.
I do like my Mad Mex, however predictable and non-authentic it may be.  The portion sizes are mammoth and I come away with a satisfied sense of regret.  Their beer menu is happily extensive.  Charging me $9 for chips and salsa is a bit of crime, wouldn't ya say though!?!  I mean, c'mon!  Our service has most times been lacking--a bit rushed and on the inattentive side.  Also, why do you require your wait staff to not servestraws/ lemons/etc unless asked by cusotmers---weirdness-cut out these odd cost-cutting, anti-service friendly measures please.
I love love love Mad Mex. The one in University City Philly to be exact but when we moved here life was okay because Mad Mex is here too. We've been here a few times because of how close it is to home and each time there is something that just isn't quite right. The most recent time, which is why I'm writing this review, our food took over one hour to come. We repeatedly flagged down our waitress and she kept insisting that she was "checking on it" when finally the huz had it and we were about to let the manager have it and then walk out when the manager walked over and apologized for our order never being put in. They took care of the bill but still, left a really poor impression of terrible incompetence. Our waitress never apologized and acted as though nothing happened when she came back to see how everything was. Extremely disappointed with the service.   I'm giving the 3 stars because of my love for Mad Mex and the big azz margaritas but the Greentree location really needs to step it up.
Mad Mex is awesome. In general I like the place, but I have an issue with this location: it is TOO DAMN DARK! May seem like a small thing, but when you can hardly read the menu it's a problem. Every time I go there I end up in a bad mood. Such a simple thing to fix, too.
My first visit to a Mad Mex ever and I wasn't impressed. The seating was prompt and the waitress was nice and patient. I ordered a Mad Mex Burrito with steak and shrimp since I wasn't allowed to omit the green peppers in the fajita burrita (I don't remember the name exactly). The wait for the food was short since we were in there early for lunch, around 11:15am. First cut into the burrito wasn't as exciting as I wanted it to be, I kept cutting trying to find the protein...it was about 93% rice inside. Just plain bland rice. Finally made my way to some shrimp and then steak. Still no cheese. Once I got to the opposite end of the burrito there was the partially melted hunk of cheese and a little more meat. A more even distribution would have been better for sure. I mixed the salsa they give you on the side with everything and it spruced it up a lot. That salsa should just automatically come inside of it for the added flavor, but maybe there is one like that I don't know about. I just wasn't all that impressed and wont be hurrying back. If there is a next time, I will try something different.
Service is really slow.  Server was great though.  Food was okay. Don't expect authentic Mexican food here. It's a American Mexican spot.   I wasn't able to try any drinks, but a beer, but there's happy hour!   1) We got the Mad Mex quesadilla with chicken breast and the vegetables and chicken was burnt. You can see the charcoal burn on it.  2) the fish tacos were okay. It came with HARD Mexican rice, and black beans. I didn't try the black beans since I hate beans.  3) I got the hot wings in San Francisco flavor? And spice level was insane. wasn't spicy to me but it was the best dish of the day.  (Didn't take any pictures because I was too hungry waiting)
I do like shopping here. However, finding what you want can be somewhat difficult. The layout for the clothing can be improved in that having the "juniors and misses in the same line up so you don't have to zig zag. The store doesn't seem to get shipments of new clothing very often, so some sections can be bleak. It's like finding a needle in a hay stack. The employees are always very nice though! And I never have to wait for a dressing room.
3 stars for the time in which this was delivered. Right on time 30mins. The pizzas were just warm and overall PizzaHut pizzas lost their taste.  Very bland and unappetizing.
We took Crate's "Sunny Spain" Cooking With A Partner class recently and loved it! Three different tapas, paella, churros and sangria... Yumm!  Seriously fun- we learned how to cook new things together, then got to eat it.   However I have 2 complaints: the instructor was not that friendly, or helpful. This was actually ok tho bc the other women assisting with the class were delightful.  The thing that really chapped my a#% happened at the end: there was a TON of food left over, and being that we were headed to my mother's house I asked to take some paella with me for her to try. The instructor said that they don't do that. Ok, fine, pretty wasteful, but whatever.  BUT, when I walked to the restroom a few minutes later I saw the women who worked there packing up all the leftovers into to- go containers! When we thought about it later, we remembered how the instructor announced that there were enough shrimp in the paella for everyone to have 2 per person- so of course, everyone only took 2. There were about a dozen per paella left when the employees whisked them off the 3 tables. No asking if everybody was finished, no asking if anybody wanted more.  Thus ensuring that they all had a delicious dinner for their families that night.  For $140 per couple, this is horse$&%#.
The sundae bar is a big hit with my kids, particularly the blue "whipped cream" (I shudder to think what's actually in that). The food's pretty much the same stuff you can get at Friday's, Applebee's, etc. I like their salad with the almonds and blue cheese-- they sometimes really dowse it in dressing but it's good.
What's better than fresh, homemade free cookies?!  Well, a gluten free cookie, but whatever, I can still enjoy myself in sharing free food with other people.   Max & Erma's is like the place to get everything. If I'd ever been to an Eat N' Park I imagine it'd be like that except classier. Well, I don't know about classier, again I've never been to Eat N' Park. But back to Max & Erma's...  The location we went to always has a crowded parking lot. I don't know why it's so busy but there's hardly any parking there. Allot a few more minutes for parking. You'll need it.  Once you're in though it's super fun. Build your burger, eat greasy appetizers, and taste some delicious milkshakes. I've had the lunch special - soup or salad or half sandwich for pretty cheap. It's just enough food to not leave you in a food coma after lunch. The only thing I wish (and yes this took away a star) is that there were more sandwich options. So sometimes I get the soup & salad and I'm still hungry. That's a no bueno.  Then there's dinner. Their burgers are kind of fantastic. I'm still not over the whole eating a rare cooked burger so everywhere in PA gets added bonus points for that. So overall it's a good burger, but it's certainly not the best burger I've ever eaten and there's nothing really creative about their burgers to make them stand apart from other place's burgers.   The atmosphere is something between a TGIFridays or Chili's but very Pittsburgh-centric. I found it somewhere between comforting and annoying. I don't really like chain restaurants but this one had some nice personal stuff to keep it from venturing into the Fridays realm.  Also, if you're a craft beer & burger sort a gal, you'll notice this place is not for you. There's more than Bud, but not a lot.   P.S. Free cookie night is Wednesday.  P.P.S. Get the white chocolate macadamia nut.
Great place. Love the variety in the menu. Fresh bake cookies is such a great dessert!
Wwnt in for an oil change with a groupon. Found out newer cars oil is not included in the oil change so $37 upchatge on top on groupon. Manager was very helpful and nice. Other employees seemed bothered when manager asked them to stop standing around talking and do the rainex treatment I paid for. When I pulled out I realized they never vaccummed. When I pulled back around they laughed like whoops.... found out the person before me they forgot to vaccum too. My windows were washed with very little effort. For the price I'd expect better service and effort from all employees not just manager.
This is the most expensive oil change I've ever experienced, $40?  My last oil change in NH was $27.99 and $25 in Texas.   The man was very friendly.  The waiting room was comfortable and this shop is close to our home and gym.
Grabbed a couple of dozen bagels and took to work.  Man they don't last long.  Bagels are good and the service is friendly.  They were real busy but make time to chat will working.
I have been to this place many many times over the years. But the last visit was at least a year prior.   I was shocked by the outside condition of the restaurant. This place definitely looks like it's falling apart on the outside.   I didn't stay there to eat, but from what little that I  saw, the inside looked fine. My toasted bagel with cream cheese was okay, but there wasn't a napkin in the bag. Seems like a silly oversight.
Food is what you would expect from a BB, staff is friendly enough but the prices are outrageous.  My boyfriend and I had to endure the drive thru because we were running late for our camping trip. My "toasted" bagel was white and soft... before the addition of cream cheese.   Prices are crazy!   Don't be so lazy... drive down the hill to the GE... buy a 6 pack of bagels, cheese and some bacon for under 10 bucks!  You'll have left over food and cash
The close-to-my-childhood-home Starbucks: it's A. Not Peet's, and B. An accidental high school reunion when I dare to venture in. On the other hand, there are usually couches--or chairs and tables--available, inside or outside, depending on the season.  This is the option when I don't want to try to park on Beverly for a caffeine fix at the Coffee Tree.
Panera does a nice job on some items.  Stopped to have lunch with a friend who wanted to use the WiFi and get a bite to eat.    Kind of a soup type day, rainy and cool...so had a bowl of low fat veggie...very nice and a greek salad that is pretty good.  The best part was the fresh baked bread.
Ya Gotta Regatta! It's Pittsburgh's mid summer July 4th celebration. Once it was the largest inland regatta in the nation with an average 1 Million people visiting for the four day event. Scaled back these days for reasons I won't get into, the annual summer spectacular features boat racing, anything that floats contests, a lighted boat parade, concerts, and the huge July  4Th fireworks display. Best of all, it's free!
We checked this place out because it was close to our hotel and it was one of the few non-chain restaurants we saw.  The service was very friendly. The food was just okay.  I ordered the fettuccini alfredo with lump crab and they said the sauce is freshly made in house, but it sincerely tasted like it was out of a bottle.  It wasn't tasty/fresh enough to have been over $20.  The salad was just the typical iceberg lettuce salad.
Cigarette smoke is way too heavy in here. I would like to support this local business more often but the smoke reminds me of a steel mill.
Not a bad place to grab a bite for lunch. Their service can be kind of slow so dont plan on having a quick in and out lunch.  Greentree does not have many options for food, which is surprising since there is so many office complexes.   Overall not bad.
The inside of Vincent's has the distinct smell of wall-to-wall carpets and fried food - not necessarily 'bad,' but certainly pungent.  I'm glad we came here on a nice afternoon when the deck was open.    We split fried zucchini, which was delicious, sliced really thin with homemade marinara for dipping.  I got the buffalo chicken sandwich and my dining companion got the italian calzone.  Both were good - fresh ingredients and lots of them.  The portions were absolutely huge.    Overall, the service was fine - no major issues.  Good place for casual dining and good bar food.
Expensive, slow, but good food if you don't mind the wait or check.
The portions are Huge. I ordered half of the antipasto salad and it was still enough that I was satisfied. They should cut up the meat as it was slices of deli meat thrown into the salad though was a very good salad overall. I also ordered wings and was very impressed with these. It is hard to find the right wings that have the right amount of meat to breading mixture. They even make for a good treat on day 2. A friendly patron bought me a cannoli which was amazing. This was my second visit to Vincents and I look forward to a third.
Just moved to the area so I am looking for a go to spot. Vincents isn't going to be it. The food wasn't great it was just ok. I had the italian sausage. The prices are reasonable and I got my food in a timely manner but no personal customer service. I sat at the bar and literally no attempt to have any dialogue except get my order. No other options ill go back but that's it. Or I may try pizza and have it delivered.
We've been here twice and the first time wasn't so great. We started with baked artichokes which were super tangy and swimming in oil. I had Pasta Siciliano and hubs had Pasta Mafaldo. He ate more of mine than his own. The Mafaldo tasted pretty bland. The pasta Siciliano was better but nothing to write home about and I wouldn't order it again. The bread at Italian restaurants is normally something I look forward to but this was like a regular roll with olive oil and Parmesan cheese on top - ehh. The cannoli was the best part of the meal.   Visit two was much better! We started with the homemade hot stuffed peppers which were phenomenal! I had to make myself stop eating to save room for dinner. We ordered spaghetti with meatballs and pollo divino pizza. The peppers were the shining star of the meal! Second would be the pizza because it was interesting and delicious. We ordered with white sauce and it perfectly complimented the chicken and cheddar. The overall spaghetti was okay but the meatballs really made it slightly above ordinary.
We stumbled on this place on a Friday night. The place was moderately busy, but we were seated right away. The server was friendly, but service was pretty slow considering how many servers were working. We ordered the artichoke hearts to start - I recommend staying away from those! They were around $9 and had obviously just come from a can and had some Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top. The rest of the food, however, was delicious! We ordered the spinach pizza with white sauce and an Italian calzone. They were both HUGE and the pizza was one of the best I've had.
Best pizza in the area Italian subs are good quality Service was A1 but ya gotta watch out for the Psycho dishwasher or busboy every 2 minutes this guy comes strolling past our table cracking his knuckles giving us the Evil Eye really weird
On the plus side, this bar & grill offers a decent gluten free pizza. It's not on the menu, so you have to ask (why?), but it's a pretty good pizza, with fresh-tasting ingredients. It's the only kind I can eat, so it was appreciated. I sat at the small bar for dinner, and service was prompt if not all that pleasant.  You just get the feeling that this is a business that may be resting upon reputation, and has stopped trying very hard. Restaurants are a "people business", so I feel as though it's a good idea to hire people who act like they like customers and want to make them feel welcome. I did not feel the love here. The wine & beer selection is very narrow, with a few good choices, but not even one sauvignon blanc? Okay, thanks. I'll try someplace else next time. Are you getting the idea that without the decent GF pizza I might have gone with two stars?
3 stars since the food Italian food was quite good. Stay away from the burgers. We recently ordered take out 2 nights in a row. Fast service, but the orders were incorrect or missing items both nights. The lessen here is, the knuckleheads in the kitchen are unorganized. You would be smart to take the time to look things over before you leave. Once you get home, "oops, we're sorry" doesn't cut it.
The pizza was good, but come on that was no medium pizza.  I know I'm a big guy, 6'2", but when my entire hand can cover the entire "medium' pizza someone is pulling someone's leg. I almost called the waiter back to tell him we did not order the small. Oh, and did I mention there is an upcharge for salami, $2.00 more for a medium pizza. Here is my take on the pizza. No, its not a medium, its a small pizza. Don't upcharge on the salami then hide it under the cheese so I can't see how may pieces you actually placed on the pizza. The pepperoni was about the size of breakfast sausage and tasted ok. The price, as others have mentioned, is high for a pizza and salad.  The wait staff were friendly and on the day we went the place was very busy with a party upstairs. The wait staff apologized for delays and served us as quickly as they could. Next time I am in Pittsburgh I will try another pizza place.
Seriously let's all get a grip, gnocchi homemade that is, isn't this soft little pillow pasta, the stuff your selling isn't homemade, it's bought in. I've eaten gnocchi from coast to coast my grandmother made it for us, my aunts, made it for us, right here I in wintersvillle at da peppino they make them home made. Delicious, your gnocchi is crap, your sauce is bland, I can open a can of sauce and pour it on anything, doesn't mean it taste good, do you taste your creations before your send them out?  Epic Fail.
I must say I was not hating this place. Located super close to my hotel I ordered take out one night and ate another night at the bar. The food is classic, nothing fancy. The pizza was great and they have a decent selection at the bar. This place is just what i needed close to survive a week alone on business.
Basically, it's ok. The food is good, not great, but consistent. Unfortunately, I've found the service to also be consistent in that when I've dined in they are very slow (even when not busy) and uninterested. I've had this same experience when ordering take out. They seem like I'm bothering them when I go in and ask for my order.
The Pennsylvania Turnpike caught me on a good day. That is, its typically unbearable narrow and worn-down roadways cluttered with "wide loads" in various forms were temporarily mitigated by periodic signage noting "PA TURNPIKE: ALL TOLLS WAIVED."  The suspected reason for the free ride? The other major highways in Pennsylvania are shut down due to persistent piles of snow. STILL. Hey, I'm not complaining.
The Parkway Center Inn did not live up to my expectations based on other Best Westerns I've stayed at - my room was tiny & dated.  For some reason, I had thought that there was a restaurant on site. There isn't, and there isn't really anything close either. A mini fridge in the room would have been . . . useful.   To be fair, they do offer a continental breakfast & an evening cocktail hour - neither of which I was around to check out.    The room was clean, free parking and internet, reasonably friendly staff etc, but I'll definitely chose to spend a bit more to be in a more serviced neighborhood next time.
Not a bad place, but here is the good an the bad.  The bad: The light in our room didn't work. It's not very close to pittsburgh. Hotel requires updating.   The good: Hotel was a great price. The gym was huge for hotel standards with large locker rooms. Decent free continental breakfast in the morning and a free two drink happy hour in the evening. Friendly staff. Free shuttle to events in the city.   Overall I would stay here again.
This is exactly what I was looking for in a hotel during my one night stay in Pittsburgh. Close to the city, but far enough out to get free parking and a reasonable rate (under $100).  The room was fairly small, but I was only planning on sleeping in it. It was clean so I couldn't ask for much more. The people at the front desk were very friendly too.  If I go back to Pittsburgh, I will absolutely stay here again.
My husband and I stayed at the Best Western Parkway Center Inn for a U2 Concert at Heinz Field. We realized that the room was going to be extremely small based on the reviews, but I think I was taken aback as to how small it really was. The hotel was clean on both the inside and outside. Although our room was down a very narrow corridor and a joining room to another room, it was clean and updated with a nice flat screen TV. We had Bath n Body Works products, which I use at home. The best part of the hotel was the free shuttle to and from the concert. I hate having to drive in traffic and parking would have cost us a pretty penny. The staff are wonderful! Very friendly and accommodating.  Apparently there is free breakfast from 6am-9am, which we were told about, but didn't get to take advantage of since we overslept. There is also a pool which we missed because we weren't at the hotel long enough. We did get to take advantage of the free wii fi which was very nice. The purpose of our stay was a place to sleep and for this purpose, this hotel served us well. However, if you intend on staying an extended amount of the time at the hotel, I would suggest elsewhere. The quaint room made me feel very claustrophobic. As well, there aren't any places to eat near. I would stay there again for a reason of a place to crash after a concert or something similar. I wouldn't recommend staying with a family at this facility because of it's size, unless you can get a bigger room or a couple rooms at once.
The food is good, the service is great, the parking is HORRIBLE! This place is always packed! Brunch, Lunch, or Dinner plan on hunting for a parking spot, waiting for a table, and enjoying yourself AFTER you are seated. They have a bar, and also serve drinks at the tables. The food is great (I love their salad), and the service couldn't be better.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know.  Why go to the Olive Garden when Pittsburgh has so many great local Italian places?  Hey, it's convenient and the food is decent.  For lunch, Olive Garden ain't bad in a pinch!   I had business to go to near the airport and I stopped here out of necessity.  I had the basic spaghetti & meatballs in marinara sauce.  Not bad.  I wish they had cups of soup 'cos the Zuppa Toscana was mighty tempting.    Okay, so I admit I like the Olive Garden.  But my husband better not take me here on date night!
I normally don't like chain restaurants, but I do like eating at the Olive Garden in Greentree.  The food is pretty good here and the service is always excellent.  Although not my first choice, still quite okay.
Ordered stake and soup and, loved the soup for sure, stake wasn't really my favourite but it was just okay! Service was weird thou, the waitress was told us to order while she was serving the other table; so we basically yelled out our order.
I really like Olive Garden but the reason why I am giving this place (green tree next to Starbucks) is that the service is not consistent over time. One time the waitress was so rude that she was throwing the food on us and hubby got his coke with no ice. I understand that it can bee too busy at times but I have been to other Olive Gardens which they are equally busy if not busier! The food here is good but I would really recommend Olive Garden in Robinson instead.
The good:   -Comfy Bed. This is a priority in a hotel and HIE-PWG delivered here. -Powerful air conditioning- necessary for mornings after too much to drink -Breakfast available with decent coffee -Paul, their employee who worked at the front desk and picked us up from the airport. He was really friendly   The bad:  -The Price! $170 a night for a hotel not in walking distance to anything? Say what?  -The tiniest hotel bathroom ever. They could have taken about 3 feet out of the room to add to the bathroom. It was weird.  -My keycard to my room became demagnetized every time we left the room. I had to go to the front desk every time. No good.   The ugly- The dried loogie on the elevator door that stayed there all weekend long. What, you're telling me not a single staff member got in that elevator and was grossed out by the dried phlegm at eye-level on the door? Nasty!
Overall the hotel is OK, being a rating that is an average of all that I experienced - some aspects not so good and others quite good.  The not so good: one of the beds was so close to the air conditioning unit that the cold air was blowing cold air right on it.  And the second bed was receiving the blast also. I  jury-rigged the unit to cover much of the vent and that reduced the air flow over the beds greatly.  The Wi-Fi worked reasonably well, but you need to sign in everyday (we were there for three days).  Most other places only require a single sign-in.    The OK: breakfast was standard fare: a few fruits, yogurt, cereals, breads, sweets, scrambled eggs or prepared omelettes, sausage.  Nothing special, but plentiful.  The really good: the staff.  At our check-in, the front desk personnel were friendly and helpful, making me forget how long it took to check-in.  And the best for last: the bus service.  You virtually do not need a car or a taxi to get to most of the places to visit in Pittsburgh.  We had a restaurant reservation and concert performance in the Cultural District.  As it turned out our activities coincided with an arts festival downtown, making parking extremely difficult, especially for someone who is not familiar with the downtown area.  We made arrangements to take the 5PM departure (you do need to sign up for a specific time) and we got to our reservation in plenty of time.  When the concert was over, we called the hotel and within about 15 minutes the bus arrived to take us back.  Really great service.  There isn't much around the hotel, unless you like dead shopping malls.  Parking is plentiful right in front of the hotel, though shared with an office building.  All-in-all, it was a good choice.
I was perfectly a-ok with this place*.  My friend's mother had suggested we not stay here, as it was "shady".  I didn't give a crap.  I had a lovely view of some woods, I wish we had gotten back early enough to check out their lounge, and every guy going to see the Boss concert that night was staying here, so I got too see much more denim than I would on a normal day.  Definitely stay on the second floor though.  First floor looked way more nast.    *  Though ot had been a while since I'd left NYC, which when that happens, my judgement can be thrown askance.
I was fine with staying here for the short time I was in Pittsburgh. The only thing that really bothered me, besides the really loud people at night the first night (really thin walls), was that there was no fan in the bathroom. It got really steamy really quickly and the only way to let out the steam was by opening the door. You can tell the bathroom was updated, although the sink was a little high for this 5 ft girl. The front staff was really friendly checking in and checking out. The pool was clean, for the most part. Bed was firm and pillows were soft. I brought my own pillow just because I sleep better when I do, but the hotels were perfectly fine to lay on. I think the location was great, easy to find and close to the city where we wanted to be. All in all a fine place to spend a few nights while sightseeing around Pittsburgh.
We rented two rooms, one with a king bed and one with two doubles. The room with the King was fantastic, while the room with the doubles had a heater that wouldn't stop blowing cold air and was a stinkbug graveyard.   We asked and promptly received a different room. This one was cleaner but still had heater issues.   The front desk was very helpful providing  local restaurant recommendations and giving change for larger bills. The continental breakfast (free with room) was one of the most plentiful spreads I've had in a hotel.   We'd stay again, but we'll be sure to call ahead and make sure the front desk checks the rooms have been cleaned first.
Ever since the Highmark/UPMC split I had to change primary care doctors that would accept the plan I'm subscribed to. Greentree Medical is convenient to where I live and the physicians I have dealt with do a thorough examination. They have an onsite lab for blood testing and currently are offering flu shots.  On this particular visit I was suffering from severe throat pain. I have had a history of pharyngitis and could tell by the pain in my throat when I tried talking.The physician of the day took me in right away, did a culture and prescribed antibiotics. He will call me next week with the full report of the culture and proceed from there.  Normally when I see my regular primary care she does a comprehensive exam, addresses all my needs and makes sure my medications are up to date. If there appears to be anything questionable or suspicious then she will send me to the appropriate place for further testing. So far I've been pleased with the services they offer as well as being convenient to home.
I prefer supporting our small business people , but sometimes convenience overrides desire.  The Food here is not bad , portion size and price all seem ok , but the woman that served us was not very friendly.  No Thank you ,,,or have a nice day ,,,, just a grunt ?   She did not close the plastic lid on my meal and the gravy spilled inside the bag , leaking on the car seat.   She also forgot to include my cornbread. This place would do well to hire people who enjoy working with the public.
This was a nice dining experience and great food.  The service was fine, people were nice but not overly nice.  The only super weird thing was there were no napkin dispensers and no trash cans for patrons.  You had to ask for napkins and you were supposed to leave your garbage for the employees to pick up.  It was kind of strange.  I feel like every restaurant should have at least one garbage can in the dining room.
What can I say about this place ? I have had several good experiences and several bad experiences here over the years .  All and all , you get what you see . The service is hit or miss depending on who is working . I do feel it is a bit expensive for the quality of food you get . The place is too small especially at the counter area .
Really good bagels.  Stopped for a bagel and tea.  Place was crowded but the line moved quickly.  Had a Good Grains bagel with some cream cheese shmear.  Delicious.  Love the green iced tea!.  This place is tiny but most get it and go...no not get go! lol  Have had soup and bagel sandwich in the past and it was very enjoyable.
I am always in Heaven when I go to Ithaca New York, after all, they have Ithaca Bakery there. Listen when I tell you, go to their website and request, demand, beg, do anything you can to get them to open one here in Pittsburgh! Seriously, the whole wheat Long Island bagels are pretty damn fine. Boiled, then baked a little darker than most bagels, then doused with garlic and onion, poppy and sesame seeds. Incredibly delicious! They're California Granola bagels are whole grain and hearty. The Italian bagels are like a mini loaf of Italian bread, covered in oregano, basil, rosemary, and garlic, they put olive oil in the raw dough, bellisimo!   Okay, 359 miles southwest we have Pittsburgh with no visible sign of a decent bagel place, well that's not entirely true, Einstein Brothers has a good bagel, not a great bagel. Where Ithaca Bakery has 9 different vegetarian sandwiches, good luck trying to find anything like that here.   When I did enjoy meats, my choice here was the Nova Lox with a shmear, tomato, onion on a whole wheat bagel. Not exactly a low cal meal, later I found out it had a whopping 700 calories and over 20 grams of fat. Even with the lite cream cheese this had 600 calories and 12 grams of fat. Now I have a whole grain bagel with hummus.   I will say their pretzel bagels are rather good, nice crust and crunch from salt, a chewy center and makes an awesome pizza bagel.  Their bagels are pretty expensive, a baker's dozen and a container of cream cheese is over 14 bucks. In a town with a pizza joint on every corner, and an Italian restaurant in every community, you'd think someone would open an authentic bagel place with unique flavors and varieties.
A normal Starbucks.. A little cramped..
I have walked to this Starbucks several times since I started working downtown. When I generally have my coffee craving (around 2-3pm), the coffee shop is often crowded with a line of 10+ people waiting to order and another 10 waiting for their drinks. Though I've always gotten quality drinks from here, the wait times can be annoyingly long. I have also observed baristas working a little slower than I would expect with so many people waiting which adds to the frustration. However, I'm sure I'll be back... I can't resist Market Square!
I'm a frequent flyer at the Starbucks near my place, but I happened to be in the area so naturally I gravitated towards this one. I walked in and immediately noticed how big it was and while this is a plus, I also saw how packed it was. There were a lot of people sitting there and a line had formed. It felt stuffy for sure, but that's because of the crowd. The fireplace and free wi-fi is a plus. I'm used to my favorite Starbucks employees being warm and friendly so it was a different experience here when I got kind of a robotic "what are you ordering, here's your order" type service. I really do understand they were busy and they were trying to keep the line down so I'm not trying to condemn the employees for that. I got a tall hot chocolate with coconut milk, which was delicious. Points for that!
I've rarely had issues with this location outside the extremely long lines. However, if I'm here at 5PM when it's relatively quiet and I order a double espresso it shouldn't come to me cold. Really don't even know how that happens.  The staff is friendly here though and the location is great. It tends to get dirty in here quickly with trash on the floor and patrons not picking up after themselves.
Ok so my first experience at princess nails could be described as slightly awkward but totally worth it. When I went into the salon I didn't realize how cramped it actually was it didn't look too clean to be honest. But anyway I had called earlier in the week to see if they took appointments and they told me they didn't so I walked in to get my eyebrows waxed. When I arrived I said what I wanted done not knowing that I had to sit further up near the waxing chair to be waited on next before some woman cut ahead of me. But when I actually did get my eyebrows waxed by this older asian woman who went by michelle I believed she did a fantastic job of thinning out my eyebrows and surprisingly after telling her "thinner" 5 times she made them absolutely stunning and for only 10 dollars. Although its not much to look at when you go in getting my eyebrows waxed at Princess Nails was the best decision I ever made.  *NOTE* My rating is based on Eyebrow Waxing. Unfortunately I do not get my nails done. EVER. So please keep in mind when reading my review for this location that it is solely based on my experience with waxing and waxing ONLY.
Adequate and could be best in the area, but definetely not in New York league. The space is the best thing about it- large, new and beautiful decor.  They have good products too like Bumble and Bumble but they also push the Kerastase on you, which I don't like. For the value, the prices are very high with mixed results.  Ask about how much experience people have because there are some people with little experience (less than one year). I think Nicolette is the best- has good experience and she did a great job.  Tried the owner Jim and hair came out brassy orange instead of blonde.  When came back to have it fixed, he handled it poorly with me. There is something to be desired for the customer service overall- have definetely had sub-par treatment at front desk and others.
I dressed up as Betty Draper for Halloween, and needed a professional Betty 'do.  Hey, Betty demands satisfaction!  I was able to make an appointment online, which is a big plus for me.  The stylist did a great job of giving me pin curls and incorporating the hair accessories I wanted to use.  I went back a few months later for a haircut with a different stylist.  The hair cut was fine, but I haven't been back since then.  Why?  It's kinda pricey, and I feel like there's a better hair home for me.  Still lookin' Pittsburgh!
I recentely moved to Pittsburgh from a place where there are many options for getting a fantastic haircut and found MCN salon via yelp. I will try to be objective about my experience at the salon:   -I am satisfied with my cut. My stylist Lacey addressed all of my concerns.  -The space is very nice, spacious, with great natural light - very comfortable.  -Staff is nice and polite.  -Head massage was great.  However:   -The way they push products is really over the top and annoying. I said I am not interested, but my stylist wouldn't stop. Moreover, apart from discussing how to cut my hair, all she discussed with me was how I really need to use this and that product.  -She left me to go sell the product to someone else for good 10 minutes in the middle of cutting my hair. It gave me an impression that she cares more about selling products than anything else.   I overall liked the salon, and I saw haircuts they gave to some friends of mine, and they do a good job. But for me personally getting a haircut wasn't a relaxing experience, and I didn't get to know my stylist, and thus it is unlikely I will come back. I might give MCN a second chance, with a different stylist.
I had an ok experience at MCN Studio.  I just moved to PIttsburgh from NYC and I relied on yelp to choose my hair salon.  I called MCN and asked to be seen by a senior stylist and the receptionist recommended Ashley.  I booked her for a cut and full highlight.   When I got there, I was pleased with the look of the salon.  It's trendy, clean, and has a good vibe. Ashley did a good job on the color and didn't do a terrible job on the cut, but I just wasn't wow'd.  She talked the entire time, which I don't typically mind and she's easy to talk to, but too much of the conversation was geared toward selling me product.   My hair is straight and thin and I had previously gotten a stacked bob (which I hate and I'm trying to grow out).  She did her best to make it better, but it's still too stacked for my liking and is a bit uneven (found this out a week later when a different stylist was doing my hair for a wedding and fixed it).  Bottom line- my experience wasn't horrible and wasn't great.
Let me first start off that I had a good and bad experience here. I'm from out of town so I got lost going to my appt and called saying I would be 15 min late which they said was fine. When I got to my appt (scheduled for a blowout) Margo asked what style I wanted and I said volume and big curls. She said she couldn't do big curls because it would take too long and she only had 30 min. Because I had arrived late my service was cut short. I was FURIOUS. She went to go check if someone else could do it. So the receptionist came over and said that most clients arrive on time and that Margo could do what she could and I would have to do the rest at home. I went bananas On her because for being such a nice salon they certainly didn't have the customer service to go along with it. And isn't the customer always right?? There was absolutely no type of accommodation from Margo or the receptionist. My husband got his haircut there also ( and my sister in Law got a blowout, so 3 appts were booked) and the got the owner involved, Jim. He was so nice and very accommodating. And I truly appreciated his effort. I don't understand why Margo didn't call him initially? Because the receptionist wasn't management? He told Margo to finish my hair and he could do the rest and he used a curling iron for my entire head! Overall I appreciated Jim turning it around but Margo lacked customer service and the skinny blonde receptionist had an awful attitude. They might need to look at their staffs qualifications...
I've been having my hair done at MCN Salon for the last four years. Unfortunately after today they will no longer be receiving any business from me.  I scheduled over a month in advance to go blonde for an upcoming Wedding. However when I arrived they explained that I had been 'double-booked' and a young apprentice would be applying my color instead. In itself that wasn't much of a problem, but when I asked if she wasn't going to bleach it first she looked at me like I had two heads.   I was then told that they didn't have the time to bleach/dye my hair and I had to reschedule, which given my schedule constraints due to work and the upcoming wedding, wasn't possible. This is after over a month of waiting, four appointment confirmations (they message you to confirm your appointment by cell and e-mail), and budgeting for even longer (MCN is not a cheap salon). What is the point of all of those confirmations by cellphone, email, smoke signal etc. if it is just going to be mis-booked & overbooked anyway?   The way the stylist explained the bleaching process to me was also pretty condescending considering the circumstances. When I scheduled the appointment I clearly expressed what I wanted done, cleared my schedule, and was ready to pay top dollar for the service. Your salon mishandled my appointment, I'm basically being told 'tough luck' right before a big wedding, and now you're going to complain that going from a light brunette to blonde just takes so much time and is just so much work? I'm sorry I thought this was a top class salon. I guess I was mistaken.    In short, this experience kind of ruined the salon for me, but to be completely fair I was pretty happy with their service until now. I wouldn't recommend this salon for color however if you're younger or looking for something more than a basic dye-job and make certain that your appointment is booked correctly beforehand. As a side-note their tipping policy is also outdated and nonsensical. Make sure to bring cash.
Me and my wife went to the salon for the first time for our haircuts, Ashley and Margo did our haircuts, they were pretty good. We are satisfied with our haircuts. But their honor is a very rude person, my two year old touched a plant placed in the waiting area, he came and yelled at him and said its very expensive, we felt really bad after that his dog was roaming in the salon and getting into people's stuff, which is not a good idea. I am allergic to dogs and there are people who don't like dogs. All the staff was nice and courteous. Though we like the services but we are not going back again because the owner has no manners and was very rude.
I go with three stars because the co-owner, Lisa, did a lovely updo for me for a wedding. People commented on my hair and I was pleased with the results. However, I had less than stellar experience with getting my makeup done with airbrush. Not only did the woman give my sister-in-law attitude on her wedding day because she didn't like how her make up was looking, she also spilled the liquid formula all over my white button down shirt.  She was apologetic but considering her work on my face did little to nothing to cover up my blemishes, I would not recommend getting make up done by her.
This was a little bit of a disappointing experience for me. For $60 (with Brent), which I feel is on the high end for Pittsburgh, I would expect to get a haircut with a little more artistry/style. My haircut was fine, somewhat boring, but if I'm going to pay that much (which I'm OK with) I feel that the stylist should be giving a higher level of input as far as what looks good and really personalize the cut. McN does all the business things wonderfully - friendly, clean, efficient - but in the end the cut is really what is most important to me.
Lots of LCD HD Screens make this a good place to check out a game. The atmosphere is a little bland, but this bar is part of the hotel it's connected to, so you can't expect it to be too crazy. All in all decent bar.
This is one of those classic scenarios where I'd like to give 3.5 stars... sigh...  Anyway, here's the skinny: SoHo is a great bar to watch games (as mentioned by the other reviewers), an OK place to eat, and the service is fantastic. If it were just based on drinks/service/viewing, I would give it a 4 or 5 stars rating. The food drags it down a bit.  I've been to SoHo about 20 times (as I frequently stay in the hotel above it), and they have a decent beer selection and a very good/knowledgable bar staff. The bar can get extremely packed on game days, as it is literally across the street from PNC Park (and a short walk from Heinz Field). On an off-night, though, it usually has a moderate crowd that trends toward the 30-something "hip" groups (it's not a college bar, nor a neighborhood pub).  As far as food, it's really hit-and-miss. Once I had Buffalo Chicken Pierogis, and they were awesome. I've also had a Tuna Steak Sandwich there that was great (if I remember correctly, it had some sort of chipotle or wasabi mustard on it that was yummy). However, as I ate there last night, I saw the lower end of the spectrum. I had a shrimp/scallops pasta dish (Diablo Pasta?), and it was not spicy at all (despite being advertised as such). It was just OK (the ingredients, other than the sauce, were pretty good, but the sauce was just passable). A friend of mine said that the French Onion soup was awful (way too much oregano, he said), and his "sirloin" sandwich was not sirloin. So I would just say it's either inconsistent, it has gone downhill, or there are just a few things that they do well.  The service, however, is fantastic. No matter how busy they are, the staff is very attentive and friendly (I've never had to wait long for a beer). I've also had quite a few drinks, over my visits, "on the house", which doesn't happen very often anywhere else. They also know a bunch of bartending "tricks" that they will do on request (like the Bailey's/Yager "switching shot glasses" one).  One last note is that it is usually pretty smoky in there, so be prepared to have your clothes reek after you leave (which, sadly, is the norm for Pittsburgh).  Bottom line: as a bar, 4.5-5 stars... as a restaurant, 3 stars.
decent place, feels very chainy.  but food was good enough had pepper hamburger which was pretty tasty.  Probably a little over priced for the food, but not bad all the way around.
Not a bad place to start your night off before you head out to PNC. It's right near the park, and they give you coupons to come back after the game for a free miller light...how cool!!   Service is good, and they serve Leinie's on tap! (mmmmm summer shandy!) I ordered the buffalo potato cheese pierogies, and they were ok. I felt that prices were a little steep, but I guess that's the price you pay for being next door to the ball park, and connected to a hotel.
My friend Catherine came in from Chicago to visit me for the weekend. After a morning at the Aviary, we stopped here for lunch before heading over to the Phipps Conservatory. I'd never tried this place before, so I wanted to stop in. Catherine was hungry--she said she could have eaten cardboard at that moment and it still would have tasted good!   Luckily, she didn't have to go that route and the food here was much better than cardboard!   We began our lunch by splitting an order of Angry Shrimp. Angry Shrimp is very spicy (as its name implies) and is served over chilled pasta. For my main course, the Apple Raspberry Salad sure was tempting, but my blood sugars were running high (I'm a type-1 diabetic) and I already had my carbs with the pasta. I wanted a burger as a second choice, but their burgers are 1/2 pound and I knew I couldn't finish one. Plus I didn't want to schlep leftovers on the bus. So I opted for a Chicken Cobb Wrap, which was tasty enough.   For the life of me, I can't remember what Catherine ordered, but she did remark that the food was good. She tried the Penn Pilsner beer, which she loved. I don't drink, but unsweetened brewed ice tea with a little lemon in it really hit the spot.   So the food here is good as is the service. But there doesn't seem to be anything that distinguishes this place from Chili's, Houlihan's, Mex & Erma's, etc. And I wish they'd offer 1/4 lb burgers. Still, it's a good place to go if you're visiting the nearby Aviary, Science Center, the Warhol, or if you're going to a Steeler's or Pirate's game.
Food is decent but, priced a bit high. The drinks on the oher hand are incredible.  Nice place a watch the game with hd tv's everywhere.   Eat at Firewaters and come here for drinks.
Why is this restaurant called SoHo?   Is it an effort to capture the artsy-fartsy joie de vivre of Manhattan's neighborhood's namesake? Lord, I hope not. The restaurant is located across from PNC Park in just about the least artsy-fartsy neighborhood of Pittsburgh. But I guess Post-Game Drunken Fratboy Hangout doesn't really have a good ring to it.  Is it a nod to Pittsburgh's very own SoHo? Lord, I hope not. The restaurant has far more glam than the rundown neighborhood trapped between Duquesne University and South Oakland. But I guess Depressing Shithole doesn't have a good ring to it, either.  Whatever the story behind its namesake is a moot point upon experiencing the restaurant's fare. Here's what you can expect:  1. Meh food. The SoHo steak and cheese is essentially chopped steak and Cheez Whiz on a bun. It's not particularly delicious. The fries were good, though.  2. Outstanding drinks. Perfectly priced, elegantly presented, and expertly mixed. The Cinnamon Toast Crunch martini is ridiculously delicious. Honest to God, it tastes like a friggin' bowl of the cereal. Except with alcohol.  If you're in the North Side, go for a cocktail during Happy Hour, but don't schlep out for a special trip or for a memorable meal. You won't find it here.
Mr Hoagie is an institution. Walking in, it does seem like a throwback to 30 years ago, old fashioned menu board, booths out of the 70s, and a large selection of food. Their speciality is the Italian Hoagie, and it is voted the best in the area year after year. I usually order the burger, while the patties are obviously cooked from frozen, all of the other ingredients are very fresh. Overall, its a good alternative to Subway, which is down the road.
I like this place a lot. It's a good toasted hoagie.  I actually don't like a my bun exploding with meat, but as a previous poster mentioned if you do maybe you wouldn't like this place.  The inside badly needs updated though.   The staff is friendly.
Cold cheap beer. Good bar food. Good service.   Looking for a great Pittsburgh style fish sandwich, this is the place to go. The breading is light, fish is more than plentiful and a good side of home cut fries.   Good grilled chicken salads or steak.  Soup of day is homemade and lots of specials. Great place for lunch or bar snacks and beer.
Before I finally made it over to this range I heard the same thing from most people - it's just fine to go work on your swing. I had such a low expectation I was pleasantly surprised.   It's a fairly big range - if you are familiar with Scally's in Moon, it seems like it has almost as many tees, though its not nearly as nice a facility.   The guys in the pro shop were two of the friendlier guys I've come across at ranges or at courses. Yards were indeed marked and there are some targets to aim for, and even some hazards to aim away from.   A big red flag to me was the extra charge ($3) to hit off the grass. I am no range expert, but this is the 4th one I've been to and the first I've seen of that sort of nickel and diming....  Price for the golf balls was reasonable and I do plan to be back every week until they close up in October for the season. Hopefully, since its for sale, it will reopen as a golf facility again.
I drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.  It re-opens on July 14th and I can't wait to take my kids.  The new range looks amazing.  The entire range appears to be turf, which may or many not help your game, but it looks really nice.  The tee boxes look state of the art and the club house looks like something you'll see on a newer course.  Can't wait to experience it!
This place was very good. I found out about Emil's when watching a show called "25 Things I Love About Pittsburgh" on WQED hosted by Rick Seback. This place ain't a luxurious restaurant...it's a beer & a shot bar / lounge. But the people are friendly & the food is good. I had the fish sandwich which was great. It ain't in a great part of town, Rankin, but I've been in worse places!! Try this place.
Wonderful reuben.  Map shown on Yelp page is incorrect. It is actually a different Hawkins.  I'd recommend a call for directions 412-271-9911.
This is a hidden gem, no really. It took us forever to find but well worth it. It is right across the street from the Rankin Police Station. The menu has a wide selection, I really couldn't decide what I wanted but I went with the ribeye sandwich. I'm glad i did too. Huge sandwich! I added mushrooms, it was very flavorful. My boyfriend got the fish sandwich, he enjoyed it as well. Fast and friendly service. Will definitely be back.
Another divey place we have been going to for years. My dad's favorite, as he knows the original owners. Certain items on the menu are named after the kids. Huge portions, might have a bit of a wait some nights. Huge burgers, fish sandwiches, salads. Decent service.
Love my hometown favorites. Cannot beat their fish sandwiches (although I do miss the buns as opposed to the sliced bread...stop that). Always will support Emil's Other favorites include Reuben, Hawkins Avenue sandwich, Chrissy Club.
Great food  & service every visit. They do so many things right there especially taking care of the customers.  I have always received a hello, a follow up on my food, a thank you and then a good bye.  Some many restaurants get away from these simple steps of service. I'm glad Emil's has not.
This would be my local haunt, if I were ever to relocate to the Pittsburgh area. What a great little place! Such friendly staff, and some damn good eats!   It was so great, that we actually went there twice during our 4-day vacation to catch the Steelers/Ravens game.   They have daily sandwich specials. On Thursday night we went and had the special roast beef and cheese sand., and the .35 cent wings. Very, very tasty. I'm sorry, but this place kicks Primanti Bros. butt on the taste factor. They have about 8 different types of wings... reg., garlic, and I can't remember the rest - we got the regular, and I was wishing we would had ordered more.  Going back on a Friday night, we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and a pepperoni n' mushroom.  Wow! That buffalo chicken pizza was awesome.  The other thing that stuck out for me was one of the customers. An older gentleman; he seemed to be a regular. I really, really wanted his SPAM t-shirt.
A great townie bar with tasty food and an interesting clientele. I went to check this place out on the way home from the airport one Friday night and it didn't disappoint. It is refreshing to walk into a townie bar and not feel like the music stops and everyone in the place is staring at you - I'm guessing the mixed crowd of older hockey fans, young men in collared shirts, and thirtysomethings have probably seen it all during their time at this place.   The staff was top notch - the orders were somewhat overwhelming as they appeared short-staffed for the night, but my waitress tried to keep a positive attitude for my entire visit. The other waiter was wearing a hooded cardigan, and I wanted to steal it from him due to my difficulty in finding such a quality article of clothing.  We ordered a white pizza - large in size, engulfed in cheese, full of garlic flavor, flavorful hot sausage. An overall delicious pizza, aside from 2 things: 1, way too much grease (I know this comes with the territory, but still, it is sometimes unbearable); 2, CANNED MUSHROOMS - the worst thing to come out of a can. Ever. I would rather eat canned Alpo than canned mushrooms. And if the mushrooms weren't canned, they were just the worst mushrooms I've ever consumed. The mushroom debacle is enough to lower the review by an entire star - disgusting!  My advice for the place is keep everything awesome - random music from the jukebox, tasty food, great prices, good crowd and staff - and get some decent mushrooms; why they spoil an otherwise above average pie with such inferior crap, I'll never know.
Alexion's has been around forever.  The first time I went in there, I was 19 years old on summer break from college and working at the ice cream factory up the hill.  All of the union guys from the ice cream factory went in there after work, and I immediately found out why.  MANY, MANY years later, I stopped in there with some fond memories, and once again felt welcomed and valued as a customer, even though they didn't know who I was.  THE SANDWICHES are done Pittsburgh-style, sort of like Primanti's, and they are as perfect today as they were back in ancient times when I first started visiting the place.  Alexion's is a clean and peaceful little place in the Rook Station part of Green Tree, the oldest part of the town.  I recall that some of the sandwiches I got there were ordered at a pretty late hour.  Nothing but good things to say about the place, and I wish it was closer to home!
What a cool bar/restaurant.. I will no doubt be visiting again.  The service and prices were great.. and the restrooms were clean.   I had the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was delicious.  The menu consists of typical bar food food, however; theres a few different items on there which stand out on the menu..  A cool bar off the beaten path that is a worth a trip.    Cheers ! !
Perfect joint! Don't be afraid as you pull up... It's a nice little neighborhood. Was in town on biz and my hotel was right up the street. Great service, well apportioned servings and unique menu make this place worthy of a check in!
This place has a real neighborhood vibe to it, and offers a nice selection of brews along with a decent menu if you're here for a meal. Comfortable decor, decent service and reasonable prices make this a good spot for a sojourn if in the area. The bartender was cool in offering samples of drafts before I selected, and the food (I had wings and zucchini planks - both excellent) was very good.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
I got a tire replaced here in Nov. The same tire had a bubble in a few weeks. After some initial challenges, spoke to the manager Keith and the issue was take care off.
I took my wife's car in for new tires on good Friday. I felt that the prices were reasonable, I didn't feel pressured to buy the most expensive tire, and I was out in less than 2 hours with no appointment.
Most random location for a mini golf course ever.  This is old school. It's built into the woods (spray yourself for bugs first) right off Forsythe Rd near Carnegie Park.  The candy hut is fun to spend your spare change.  They recently re-carpeted the holes and added a few gimmicks that weren't there before.  It won't knock your socks off, but if you're local, give it a try!
This quaint mini golf course is one of the oldest, yet most original and fun locations that I have yet visited.  Coming from Texas, it was nice to see a course located amongst the hilly and woody Pennsylvanian terrain. It can be frustrating that it is literally impossible to make a hole-in-one on most every hole and that the course also makes it extremely difficult to predict the direction on how the ball will follow through and bounce.  The cartoon-like outrageousness of the course proved to give laughs and a fun attempt to play.  Improvements were being made and I will look forward to returning on my next visit to the Pittsburgh area.  I enjoy traveling and visiting new courses and the only reason why I didn't give this location 5 stars is because it was impossible to intuitively shoot the ball for a best effort to beat par.
I think this place is closed. Their number is out of service, sign is gone and the course has not been maintained. Awesome woodsy mess of a course though!
I've been informed by a fellow Yelper that they are just closed for the season, I hope they're right! I find it strange they don't keep their phone number in service with a recording and that they didn't cover the course up to protect it from weather, vandalism, etc. Either way, I can't wait to get my game on in the spring!
When I wanted a deck for the back of my home I ended up calling Quaker State Construction. It ended up working very well and they were very polite. I got an estimate and called them to start working out the details of my new deck. Once we got the plans all sorted out they started building my new deck and it was finished with in a reasonable amount of time. I now have a beautiful deck that I can relax and that my family can enjoy. Overall, they did a good job and I would use them in the future for all my deck necessities.
NICE, suppose to be haunted. In carnegie off main st. Closed Sunday during summer. During school season open some nights until 7pm.
Awesome historic building high on top of the hill in Carnegie. Home to stage 62, a theatre group that puts on musicals. I recently saw Sideshow and Evita here. Great sound and comfortable chairs, an all around pleasant experience for a pleasant evening or Sunday matinee. Plenty of free parking and at only 18 dollars its a true bargain.   And yes, the rumors are true, this building is haunted.
Ive pretty much been eating at various Kings' pretty regularly since I was a child when my parents would take my sister and I into the Fox Chapel location often.  Lately me and my girl have been visiting the Heidelburg location. I love the food, it really tastes homemade, much like something a grandmother would make, complete with gobs of butter and side dishes. Prices are low, selection is great, but dont expect fine dining by any means.   Service is hit or miss at pretty much all of them; if you have lunch at any Kings, you will likely be waited on by a sweet but sarcastic  older lady who has been doing the waiting thing for 30 years and knows her game. Seek out this lady.  My experience with the younger crowd at night isnt the same.  Im in my 30s now, and very little has changed, other than the Fox Chapel location was remodeled about 10 years ago to look less like a diner, which was a big fail.  Any girl I meet has to enjoy Kings or she's out.
I heart King's. I've always been a fan and this one was as good as my old one in Monaca.
I arrived around 10 am on a Saturday morning.  I was greeted by the hostess,who was polite and friendly, and I informed her that I was alone.  She had just arrived, as well, and wasn't exactly sure what was going on yet, so she asked (the manager?) where she should seat me.  After receiving guidance, she brought me to a table towards the back.  It had not yet been cleaned after the previous guests had dined.  So, she quickly got it cleared off, grabbed a rag, and wiped it down.  The waitress came rather quickly to take my drink order.  She was extremely friendly.  I ordered coffee and water, which she went and got while I looked over the menu.  She returned, and took my order.  I ordered the Cinnamon Swirl French Toast Special - Three slices of French toast made with Pittsburgh's own Jenny Lee® Cinnamon Swirl, two farm-fresh eggs, with bacon or sausage (I chose sausage), and your choice of potato (I went with the cheesy hash brown casserole).  I also added an orange juice.  She went and put my order in, while I waited, and came back with it after not too long.   The eggs were cooked exactly how I wanted them, the cheesy hash brown casserole and the french toast were both delicious.  I also enjoyed the sausage which was pretty typical.  Kings Family Restaurant featured a very friendly staff, great prices, and tasty food.  I am pleased and will definitely come back again.
One of the biggest,  cleanest, busiest shop N saves I have ever been to. Nice friendly staff. Great layout. And again, so clean!!!
Rocky's has been in business since the 1980s and still going strong.  Their food is good.  Not haute cuisine, pretentious!  Everyday, well prepared and taste bud pleasing home style cooking.  I've mostly gone during supper hours and  and ate in the dining room, but, today I introduced an old friend to "linner" in the bar. He ordered the large version of fish sandwich.  Rocky's is famous for their fish.  Three large breaded and fried fish filets, bun and fries for under $10.  Needless to say, he had no complaints and brought home more than he ate. I ordered the meatball grill.  It was delish.  Served on thick cut Italian bread and made "grilled cheese" (mozzarella) style.  Meatballs and tomato sauce are both good!  Also, served with fries.  I brought home half the sandwich. Another good meal there.  Friends, mother, and former boss all enjoy their food!
Great local bar. Theresa does a great job. Sandwiches are excellent. Recommend meatball, reuben, burger, fish sandwiches.
Generous portions of really great food.  Best fish sandwiches.  Not fancy ...real food for real folks !
Good Luck getting a seat, that's all I have to say. The Gab and Eat is famous and infamous. Diner food is what's up and I like it. When I was a roofing mechanic, we'd meet there before work. Although I'm not sure I would recommend it if you're working were there's no bathrooms. hehe
The biggest breakfast in Pittsburgh, as far as I can tell - and delicious and cheap too. I ordered some mix of eggs, bacon and pancakes - and got 2 dinner-sized plates, one loaded with pancakes and the other stuffed with eggs, bacon, and home fries. Oh, and a side of toast. For under $5, if I recall.  HUGE portions, all well-executed; as good as DeLuca's.  I've not had anything besides breakfast, so can't comment on the burger or anything else.  Cramped quarters, and you'll have to wait, but when nothing but monster morning food will do, this is the destination.
I miss this place. When I return home to pittsburgh this is always a must to ease myself into a saturday morning recovery after getting banged up on cheap south side cocktails the night before. When I think of pittsburgh, I remember cutting morning classes in highschool just to get after the best bacon egg and cheese i know of. Honestly i live in nyc where you can get a bacon egg and cheese on every single corner, and nowhere that i have been does it as well as this joint. Go here and you will be happy you did.
Definitely a greasy spoon! Always packed here and always a wait but worth it. The omelets are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage. I also like the mixed grill.  My parents love their burgers. Took off a star for lumpy booths and really tight tables (your arm gets hit when someone walks past) oh and waitresses aren't very attentive.
Great homemade hot breakfast sausage and a wonderful family restaurant feel.   Reminds me of the one my parents used to own in Mi.   Have fun finding a table on the weekend :)
Yum - freaking - me!  As the other fellower yelpers mentioned - this place is a cash only.    A couple of recommendations:  - Don't eat early in the week  - I don't recommend wearing any tight clothing (no skinny jeans) - you will not be skinny when you leave    I walked in for breakfast one early weekday AM.   The place was packed with locals and regulars.    A very good sign.  My co-worker recommended I get the mixed grill.   I ordered the large mix grill.   My waitress tried to warn me - it is large (very large).    I ended up eating the left-overs for the next 2 days.  Food -   The Mixed Grill comprises their homemade sausage, grilled onions, grilled peppers, potatoes, fried eggs.       Portion -  This should have been a man vs food episode.   I was not going to attempt to eat all the food.   It was really good.  Service -   My waitress looks as if she had been working there for years.   She was fast, friendly, and offered good advice.  Price -   The cost ranges $5 - 10.   I will definitely go back after I buy some new stretchy pants.
Good local spot to grab breakfast. Good prices for the amount of food you get. You can sit at the booths or at the counter
Great breakfast, good price. You might have to stand outside in line though, so I don't really recommend winter time to go. lol. Very friendly service, interesting coffee mugs. They have great deserts and such also. Bring your cash though as they dont' take cards.
Met my nephew for lunch in Carnegie and he suggested Gab & Eat.   Way to go Justin!  The restaurant is in a strip mall across from the Dairy Queen.  The grill is right up front so you can see them cooking.   They have counter space for eating and tables/booths for 4.   Don't expect to sit at one table if you have more than 4. They have a great looking breakfast menu.   We all got burgers of varying kinds!  They were tasty!   The buns were buttered, toasted and soft.  Yum!   the amount of butter didnt bother me  but it did my whiny mother. Who whined even though there is a no whining sign as you walk in the door.   We ordered fresh cut fries as onion rings.  Both of which were great.  The half order was plenty and a nice option to a full order.   The restaurant was full of local men at lunch which is usually a good sign.  I give it a 4 star only because of the waitress who kind of threw straws, silverware and napkins at us as she walked behind the counter.  At least she didn't throw the food when it came!   She also served the fries and Onion rings way before our burgers came out which was kind of weird.   They were nice and hot but would have been cold had we waited for the burgers.   It didn't factor into my four star rating but I deduct a star from nephew because he invited us out to lunch then allowed me pay!   Just kidding Justin!   Love ya!
Sadly, I have only been here twice, only due to the fact it is not really close to my home or work. However, when I am in the area, this is a great cheap eats for both lunch and breakfast. Its almost like going back in time to where the old style local diners or Isaly's to get made to order diner style food. Love the eggs made perfectly to order and a variety of lunch offering at extremely affordable prices. I only wish Gab & Eat would move to my neighborhood.
My friend and i stopped in yesterday for breakfast. We originally came to Carnegie to eat at another new breakfast spot, but they had an hour wait and we had some retail therapy to handle stat. Gab & Eat crossed my mind since i had bookmarked it on yelp.. over 2 years ago.   There was a tiny wait here.. about 2 couples in front of us. Finally 2 seats at the bar opened up and we decided to eat there.  Surprisingly we both ordered the same thing.. mixed grill. Mine had sausage links and she decided on bacon.   It was a blast watching all the food being made right before our eyes. Giant club sandwiches, super thick pancakes, eggs eggs and more eggs.. it was a fun time.   The restaurant is literally a hole in the wall but had good customer service and delicious food.   My only complaint is that i ordered my mixed grill with cheese. I thought it was going to be shredded cheddar, but they put 3 slices of american on it. Eh i'll know better next time.
Old and needs remodeling, but the food is good, the workers are very friendly and we love going there !!
Very cute, little dive place (with an emphasis on little). Breakfast meals are my favorite. So, I thought everything on the menu looked delicious. I ended up ordering a breakfast bagel sandwich. I couldn't have made it any better myself. My mom ordered the half portion of the mixed grill which was a medley of sweet and spicy sausage, egg, home fries, and peppers. I also ordered a half portion of French fries, and they were absolutely perfect. These are my definition of the best kind of French fries. They're fresh cut, with the skins still on them.  We were in and out within 30 minutes with our stomachs full and happy. They only take cash though. So make sure you have some green in your wallet before you stop by.
Breakfast was real good. Toast was great. 3 of us all liked our food. Plus got sandwiches to go. Lots of food for a  reasonable price. May have to wait to be seated. Great small diner. Will return again.
Sometimes you just don't need a fancy shmancy over-priced frilly frittata-ed brunch to get the job done. Sometimes you just want a greasy spoon diner that knows how to fry up some good breakfast.  I love this place. The booths are falling apart, the waitresses aren't overly nice, and it's chaotic. But I can design my perfect breakfast because they serve half waffles and single French toasts! I hate having to choose between sweet and savory breakfast and, at Gab & Eat, you don't have to. Everything I've eaten here has been very good.  Waffles = gooood.  Sausage Patties= gooood.  Mixed grill = gooooood.  Pepper, onion, sausage, cheese, and potato omelet = so so so good.   You really can't go wrong here. It's a great place for cheap eats!
Never very busy. Food is great but sometimes takes a bit longer than other places, worth the wait though!
Great value, close drive to city, not much to do around hotel, its a business park. Carnegie city has a few bars and restaurants.
Simple Rustic Local Wait that is every Gordon Ramsey review  My experience at extended Stay America was great. The staff was warm and friendly and made it a point to speak to me every morning as I left and when I returned in the evening. They went out of their way to provide A confirmation and point me in the direction of restaurants and nightspots when needed.   If I ever need to utilize an extended stay hotel I wouldn't hesitate to head back there.
I've stayed at a couple of Extended Stay sites that I found quite satisfactory and this location proved to be just as good. Excellent place to stay while visiting Pittsburgh. It is just a five minute drive to downtown. Location is in a business park area so it is quiet.   The rooms contain a nice kitchenette area with a full sized refrigerator, sink, cabinets and two burners. There is no oven which I expected as the descriptions all state "full kitchen" so be aware of that. Also they do not keep the dishes, pots and pans, coffee makers, toasters or utensils in the rooms. If you want them you have to request them at the desk during check in.   The room was clean and well maintained. Cable tv quality is spotty sometimes but not intolerable. The free wifi is usually fast.   The best part about this location was the staff. The people at the desk were all very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any questions or issues with a smile.  I would definitely stay at this location again and highly recommend it.
Rooms were great big, bathroom is very hard to get out of like other reviews have stated.  I never remembered getting breakfast at extended stay thanks because you really don't coffee and granola bars is it.  The staff was awesome and very helpful!  The only reason 5 stars weren't given is because we stayed here because of convince to Pittsburgh well the freeway is currently closed June 2016 so it took us 30 minutes through neighborhoods and windy little roads to get in and out of hotel.  Wish we were notified before!  Otherwise great stay and clean rooms!
Let me start.. The service was a little sketchy, but the beer was cold and the food was amazing.  I would recommend paddy's to anyone.
Be warned. Don't expect the best service ever. It's not the cleanest place you've been in either. The decor is soccer jerseys from places and teams you've probably never heard of. It's divey, eclectic, and authentic.   If you're looking for good Irish food and a cold pint, you can't go wrong at the Pour House. Like most of Carnegie's Main St, this is a hidden gem worth seeking out. They have some of the best Irish food I've had in Pittsburgh- the colcannon is awesome and the shepherd's pie is out of this world. If you're not looking for Irish food, then try the grilled cheese- and make sure you ask it with the three cheeses together. It's big and the cheese is thick and gooey. I get it with a side of potato pancakes... Yum.   Also, they have Guinness, Smithwicks and Harp on tap...
Best Irish food in the Burgh.  Great bar food too.  The service is maybe a bit surly and it's not the cleanest, nor the best decor.  But, that's not what this place is about.  It's a town Irish bar and it serves great solid Irish fare and suds to the locals.  And it does it better than anyone.  I go back again and again.
Recommended. 16 inch pizza on special was cheap. Fast service. Not the best pizza but above average.
Having certain businesses with skill sets in your local neighborhood is important.  I try to keep it as local as possible, so when I heard about a tailor in Carnegie I was intrigued.  The building is in a strip mall across from Carnegie Coffee Company.  Unassuming, looks like it is closed all the time, until you do a drive by and see the hours posted.  There is a Latino man in his 20's working when you arrive.  In my mind, I imagine a tailor to be older, kind of like my grandfather maybe with measuring tape around his neck (Textbook movie tailor), so I was a bit trepidatious about dropping off my clothing.  He asks you to go change into a closet (Yes, a closet to change in with one lightbulb) BUT all my worries aside, the moment he started working on my items I knew he was the real deal. He learned from his father at the age of 14 how to sew. and he does things the correct way.  Meaning, for example-  I took in a pair of khakis all the way down to the cuff, but he seamed them up to look EXACTLY the way they were when I first bought them.  Most placed will have bulges and puckers.  The rest of my items were just as perfect.  Very inexpensive at $10 for a pair of pants to adjust the hem.  The items were done in a timely manner.  He takes his business very seriously.  While I was there, I watched a lady rush in and demand 6 shirts to be altered in an hour, and he did it and charged the same price.  Really nice guy, please go and support this business to keep him around town!
I love LJS and have to agree, service was decent here. I tried a piece of my kid's chicken (I only ever get the fish for myself) and was pleasantly surprised to find white breast meat (same chicken texture as chick fil a). A little grimy dining room, and the bathroom handle is broken 8/2015... It would be nice if they made it an A&W-LJS but as-is still works for me.
When I moved to the area, Dr. Weinberg was recommended to me by my cousin who had been a client for years. I've had nothing but positive experiences with her and her staff since seeing her two years ago. The team is professional, nice and courteous. I recently had to reschedule an appointment due to a last minute work thing and they were very accommodating. My daughter looks forward to coming to the dentist so that's saying something. I DO wish they would turn off FOX news in the lobby as I'd rather watch paint dry but... nobody's perfect.
Don Don is atleast as good as (although I personally  happen to think better than) the majority of  inexpensive Chinese places best equiped for  delivery and take out.  I've frequented many  similar establishments in different parts of the country, and have also spent a few years in Japan.   Sounds odd, but they have some amazing Chinese  food out there.
Delicious Singapore noodles and seafood delight. Crispy flavorful crab Rangoon, and cold sesame noodles done well (but could've used a bit more sauce). Excellent real Chinese food, friendly service.  Restaurant ambience: high school cheap date quality.
Went for breakfast on 6/16/14. We received very good service and meal came within a few minutes.Waitress could have smiled more but was friendly.  I had a Grand Slam... it was more than enough food.  Meal was very tasty... We will definitely go back.  It is a popular Denny's.
Chose Denny's for a very late (1:30pm) Sunday brunch. No wait. Quickly greeted and served. I ordered the half size of Moon Over My Hammy. It was just the right amount of food for me, and the hash browns were delicious! Only thing lacking was Frank's Red Hot :-) Son and husband very pleased with their meals, can't remember the names but see pic. Patron next to us gave us $5 off $20 check, so our total came to $16! Would go back again for a casual meal.
I belong to this gym...  I live in the South section of Pittsburgh, and I find that this gym is not too far from me.  The staff is friendly, the equipment is quite good.  You get two free personal training sessions when you join.  They have lots of weights (which my boyfriend uses) and a decent cardio room.  The only thing I would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment.  Water is only $1 a bottle!
I really like this gym. It is nice neighborhood gym and unlike big gyms they don't have big contracts and they have flexible memberships. Great selection of classes. All the instructors are very good knowledgable and motivating. All the staff working there are super nice. Their selection of the equipment is good too !!
This is review rating may not be for everyone.  Amerifit is a gym where many serious body builders work out.   This is an anti-Planet Fitness (there are no pizza days).   This place is where private personal trainers take on clients who do not have an affiliation with Planet Fitness.  You can pay $5 per day if you want to meet occasionally.  What the casual person may see upon entering:  You will hear lots of grunting and weights being dropped.   Do not be intimidated.   The folks (men and ladies) are doing this for competitions (usually).  The place may seem run down (older weights / machines).   Do not let this deceive you.     The place may seem small.   Again - do not let this deceive you.  They have smaller rooms / areas.  They do have classes upstairs that seem pretty intense (not my cup of tea).  Why 4 Stars:  1. I followed my trainer (which means I chose my trainer at a location where we could work out).   My previous trainers were great but I did not necessarily like the gym (too crowded or not enough room to work out).  2. Equipment variety.   Example - Cardio Equipment.   Usually when you go into a gym, you will have a treadmill, a stepper, a recumbent bike, bike, elliptical) - All one type.    Amerifit provides a variety of machines such as Cybex.   Cybex is your traditional elliptical but you can control the elevation as well.   They also have machines that will simulate ice skating  3.  Intensity - You do see people seriously working out.   This can either motivate or intimidate you.  It motivates me.   I can also see folks doing exercises correctly.  4.  The folks are nice.   All the associates I have met are very nice.  I apologize to the serious body builders for writing this review, but I think this is a very good secret to share.  Find you a trainer, meet him/her at Amerifit, and workout.     This is not a chain gym where everything is new with standard (usually leased) equipment.
This is one of my husband's fave restaurants in town. My husband generally orders Chicken Parm, which is very good. Their sauce is quite good. They serve fresh bread with a plate of olive oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping -- yum.   I generally order one of their house salads (think it has a specific name, but can't recall off the top of my head) which has mixed greens and I get it with blue cheese, pine nuts and their yummy vinaigrette. A tad pricey for a salad that's just lettuce and cheese (I want to say about $8 with the extras), but really good. (Especially with some cracked black peeper.) I tend to follow this up with a smaller plate like their red pepper app or the greens & beans.   The place has sort of a rustic atmosphere and can be on the loud side. It has a comfortable feeling. It also has a solid wine by the glass selection -- better than a lot of places in the 'burgh.   Unfortunately, we've never had dessert there b/c we get so full of bread and dinner!
Thanks yelpers for this find. The service, the plating, the ambiance were wonderful. I had the eggplant parmigiana and it was good - but different. It was thinly sliced (like deli meat) and wasn't breaded, it was fried in a very light batter.
I went there for dinner last night with a client.  This is second time I visited.  I had a scotch and he had a Guiness.  The (-1) is for drink selection. Just stock some better beers and higher end scotch and you're five stars.  We started with the meatballs covered with Provolone and other blessed goodness.  These did not disappoint.  I had a four cheese pizza with sweet sausage and garlic.  It was fantastic.  They have so many good dishes, but I wanted the pizza last night.  I couldn't finish the pizza - way to go big medium pizza.  I finished up with a coffee.  The parking can be a bit of a challenge on the street, but it's a small town atmosphere in Carnegie, PA.  I love the downtown there.
Yay, I'm a fan but sometimes service is a little slow, it was very good for us this visit.  Go to Papa j's every once in a while but mostly for the White Pizza.  It is the best white pizza I have ever had.  Order the white pizza on our visit this  weekend... it has garlic, spinach, feta cheese and we usually add some veggie on top.  It was delicious!  Order fried calamari and it was OK...note to self next time try the calamari roman style.  Like the dinning room with the hardwood floors and bright lighting.    The bar was jumping thou never go to the bar.
Yay, I'm a fan of the white pizza.  Had take out.    The bar was jumping when I picked up our order.  The white pizza is so delicious...with garlic, spinach, feta, and added some veggies.  Tried the Roman Style calamari, very good better than the fried calamari we had last time.
We met our good friends from Morgantown here for lunch today and were really impressed with the place itself and the menu.   I had read a few of the reviews ahead of time and the pizza was mentioned more than once so by the time we got there, I was jonesing for it.   It certainly delivered. The crust was great, the sauce wast too sweet and the toppings were sufficient.   Our friend for the baby clams with oil and garlic over angel hair and let me try a bit - as good as the pizza was, this was _much_ better.   We'll return again to this beautifully lit gem in Carnegie PA soon!
OK, its Friday night and have about 70 minutes to eat. Driving by Papa J's and W says, lets stop in and get a quick dinner.   Advice host that we are in a hurry.  The host advised us it is a 90 minute service. The place was crowded, we were seated at the last open table. However our waiter, Jason, said he will do his best to get as out on time. We ordered our dinner immediately, with a salad and a glass of wine. In a few minutes we had our wine, then in a few more seconds we had our salads and some great homemade Italian bread with some olive oil and balsamic ving. for dipping.  Yum!  Just as we were finishing our salads our dinners were delivered. Great job Jason! The Fettuccine Carbanara was very good; a thick cream sauce with bacon and ricotta.  In and out in 60 minutes.  Now that is some good service.
This is a regular go-to for me. I love the food and the service. They always have the wine that I like and the food is always delicious. I suggest trying the flourless chocolate cake in the front of the store (in the section where you can buy stuff to take home). It is sublime and makes you want to go to a special cozy corner just to eat it and revel in its velvety loveliness.
I thought the interiors were very nice.  We stopped here on a Friday night & I was glad they weren't busy because nothing else in the area looked appetizing.    My daughter & I split a chicken parm sandwich, which was really good. Instead of it being served on a hoagie, it was served on thin bread- like focaccia or something.  It was pretty good- little messy.  The desserts looked amazing.  I thought it was pretty cool how you can watch the cooks prepare the food from outside.  The kitchen is situated on a corner with lots of windows.  I would return.
san francisco california visitor liked the food and the local is great. I am thinking about relocating to pttsbrgh area. I liked Carnegie because u can stroll down Main street and hit a couple places for lunch. I imagine this place would be crazy busy on friday or saturday night. we ate a lunchtime and it was nice.
Great place for dinner, drinks or a small celebration.  Papa J's is one of my favorite go to places for dinner when we don't have reservations and want a nice dinner out. My husband and I have eatten here upwards of 20 times over the last few years and have never been disappointed. I assumed that when they opened the alternate bar with lounge area and extra tables for dining on the other side of the resturant that  the overall vibe of the restaurant would change and it would be very busy. I have been proved wrong.  We are always able to walk in on a weekend and get a table within a few minutes. Unfortunately, the alternate bar/lounge area isn't always open. I really don't understand why more people don't go here.  My favorites are the fried zucchini, wedding soup and pizza.The zucchini is always crispy and seasoned well. The wedding soup has big chunks of carrots and celery. My husband also enjoys the pork entrees especially the grilled pork and the pastas including the tomato cream sauce. Also, their homemade italian bread with oil and vinegar to dip is a great way to wet your appetite. Make sure to add the parmesan cheese that they put on the table.   Also, if you are looking for a good place to host a birthday party or event, consider Papa Js. They have a great catering menu and are easily able to accomodate larger parties. We had our rehersal dinner for our wedding here and everyone loved the food.
Very good restaurant with very good food at a pretty reasonable price.  We had a birthday dinner here with seven girlfriends. The waitress was very efficient , but not very friendly. Our orders came out hot and excellently prepared!  Try the tilapia milanese , it's excellent. Best steamed broccoli Iv'e ever had.
I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  Came here with no expectations.    I was greeted by a large open (garage style) window, that opened the whole lounge bar area to the street.  It had modern furnishings and the staff were quite friendly.  Ordered the quattro formaggi pizza.  Quite good!!!  Great balance of cheeses.  Not too rich at all.  Crust was excellent too.  Can't wait to come back.
Just to start off, we were a party of 12, which is always a little difficult.  We were celebrating 2 birthdays.  We LOVED the food, it was delicious. My husband got a chicken parm sandwich, which is served on a yummy flat bread, and I got the chicken basil pizza ( i got an 8 cut and several ppl tried it) we all LOVED it! It was stunning.  It was made with a very delicious crust, nice and crisp, not soggy (like pesto pizza can get)  The one waitress we had JASMINE, was fantastic!  She was bright, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  She took extra time with the older ladies in our group to help them with their selections...   Now... the other waitress.. Mary something was so incompetent...  She was awful and rude.  She missed 2 people on that side of the table failed to take their order and when we said something she said 'well they didn't speak up!' Ugh.  Then when it was time to sing and cut the cake, my sister in law said 'oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing?'  She came back, cut the cake (all crazy with some huge pieces and some super small pieces like she never in her life cut a sheet cake) and we didn't even sing!  We were mad!!  The place is so pretty, they have a new addition that was just built within the last 2 years (according to my father in law) and its really nice.  They look to have a cool bar area with some modern couches and a really sweet look.     So good food, great looking place.. one bad waitress. Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place, nothing crazy.  All in all, we'd like to go back again, but we want Jasmine!
The menu has lots of choices and the food is great! The Resturante has been expanded so it's pretty large. The new section has door that they leave open during nice weather which makes for a nice ambience! The bread is great and fresh baked daily!
spinach/feta cheese salad:  B- pesto alfredo penne :  :A+ Coconut Cake huge piece:  A+ bread small portions:  B Service B  host seemed grumpy, waitress good, but then she got busy . PRICE: Pasta was $15 and the portion smallish more like a $12.99 dish  ARRIVE EARLY ON SATURDAY NIGHT THIS PLACE PACKED after 6pm
Many trips to Pittsburgh over 20 years.  First time here.  Had the gnocchi special.  One of the best Gnocchi I have ever had.  Pizza was excellent.  Service was great!
Did dinner with my GF last Saturday at PaPa J's prior to going to the Off The Wall Theater. This was the first time we've been to this restaurant. We usually stop a Riley's Pour House across the street for a bite before seeing a show in this town but today we decided to shake it up and do something different.  The place is deceptively larger than it looks from the outside. It was also busier than we would have expected on this particular evening and we got one of the remaining tables which was located near the entrance and the bar. The traffic from both the customers and the staff that flowed past us was a little noisy and distracting and we could tell that's why it was one of the last tables available. But our waitress came by promptly, got us drinks (I had a Hoegaarden and my girl ordered an Absolute water and cranberry), gave us menus and recited the specials of the day.  After viewing the menu for a bit, I decided on the Veal Parmigiano; my date went with one of the specials, a chicken and broccoli gnocchi dish. The plates took about 15 minutes to arrive and the portions were humongous... enough for a filling lunch the next day. My veal was tender and delicious but it's really the gnocchi that left the biggest impression. You could tell that it was house made; it was like little fluffy pillows dissolving in your mouth with each bite. I never tasted gnocchi like it before.  Over all I give PaPa J's a big thumbs up. The food was good, most of the dinning area's seemed cozy, the building itself has a certain charm with its high ceiling and the tables draped in white table cloths give it a pristine appearance. Although I thought it was a bit pricy, I didn't feel as if I've been taken.  Other than the location of our table, it was the pre-theater perfect meal. I only hope get a more intimate table next time we stop for dinner.
A unique and great find in downtown Carnegie. My fiance and I came here for a weekend lunch and wanted something different from our usual weekend spots. We had the sausage stuffed pepperoncini's as an appetizer (these are never my favorite and were just OK, but the marinara served with them was very tasty, as was their homemade bread), I had a really great wood fired meatball/ ricotta pizza and fiance had the chicken parm sandwich. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. I ordered a cannoli on the way out the door and it was FANTASTIC. Not overly sweet, crunchy-chocolate dipped shell stuffed with thick cream and mini chocolate chips. Amazing. We will definitely be back here!
I gave them 4 stars for two reasons - 1) they do not have fresh pasta and 2) my boyfriend's chicken Abruzzo was dry. The service was attentive and the bread was amazing. My Carbonara was incredible! The main dining room was a nice grotto style reminiscent of Rome; nice for couples and girlfriends catching up on life. I loved the Montpluciano in a carafe, but don't miss the extensive Italian wine list. We will definitely return to this Carnegie gem!
We recently decided to celebrate our anniversary at Papa J's. There is a parking lot in the back of the building and the entrance is on the side. The food was perfectly prepared, served at the proper temperature, and was quite delicious. Portion sizes were quite satisfying. The complimentary bread and oil was excellent. The service was polite and efficient.
Superb service and food. Parking can be a little tough and this place is a bit pricey. If you can get in and are okay paying a little more you will not be disappointed.
We went here tonight and I'm torn on how to review this establishment. I haven't been here in years and now I remember why.   We picked the calamari pepper topped for an appetizer and it was fabulous. It better have been at $13.  They had numerous specials and the females picked the gnocchi entrees which were fantastic but at a price tag of $25 per, which we only discovered at bill time. Shame on us for not asking the price and no wonder the server was pushing those dishes. I had the chicken parm and it was a nice portion for $15.  The cappuccino cheesecake was good but small at $6. The place was packed and drinks were sparse but the glasses were way too small. Overall an expensive but enjoyable evening. If picking a special, do yourself a favor and ask the prices.
Despite the low rating here on Yelp, I don't feel this dental office is all that bad. The office looks new or renovated, clean and organized. Emmert Dental has three locations: Settler's Ridge, Market Square and Bethel Park. I'm usually a patient of the Market Square location of Emmert Dental and so far, I prefer the Settler's Ridge location. I came here for an emergency appointment and this was the only office that could squeeze me in. I arrived 15 minutes early and they called me back exactly at my appointment time. The assistant was so friendly and made me feel comfortable at all times. The doctor was also friendly and made a great effort to make sure I left satisfied. I was in and out in a matter of minutes and the service was great.
I judge a pizza joint by their cheese pizza and their pepperoni.  While grabbing a brew at Voodoo, my friends and I were feeling a bit hungry.  Thankfully a menu was available and Capri pizza was just across the street.   We ordered a small cheese pizza to pick up.  I was pleasantly surprised!  The cheese was not greasy, the sauce was flavorful, and the dough was chewy yet crunchy... what more could you ask for?  We were really impressed with the quality cheesy pizza from Capri.  Next time we'll try the pepperoni and post an update.  I see yummy pizza in our future.  If you're grabbing a pint a Voodoo and feel a rumbly in your tumbly, order something cheesy at Capri Pizza in Homestead.
Service was a bit slow but the food was just what you would expect from McDonalds!  Everyone was very friendly and the bathroom was clean...which made my 5 year old very happy!
Regarding quality of beverage, this is just your average Starbucks. I can't complain but am not blown away either. However, I really like the location of this shop, which is located in the center of The Waterfront's specialty retail shops. Though in the midst of a lot of retail, the surrounding area is very picturesque with pretty green grass, flowers, and a fountain. Hanging out here is very relaxing.
I love the location of this Starbucks, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars. It's right smack in the middle of clothing stores, the Loews movie theater, as well as restaurants. I love grabbing a mid afternoon latte here on a Saturday while perusing various stores such as the Gap or Loft. I also like coming here before or after a movie for a quick caffeine jolt.  While the drinks are the same as you would find at any Starbucks, the baristas and staff are really friendly, perhaps more so than other area Starbucks.   My drink or choice when I come here generally in the mod afternoon is a venti (or trenta...) berry hibiscus refresher. Yum! It is the perfect afternoon pick-me-up that leaves me feeling refreshed and hydrated.
Oprah Chai Latte! Great central spot in this out door mall. Staff was pretty efficient and fast.
This is actually a very good Starbucks. The staff is always nice and they keep the store clean. It's definitely convenient if your down here shopping or going to see a movie. The only thing that stops it from getting 5 stars is the parking. Considering its in the middle, of the waterfront, parking can be a big problem.
Very friendly local dive bar. There is nothing special going on here but friendly folks and cold beer. This is exactly the kind of place I like to hang out in.
I used Michael's for picture framing years ago and was very pleased.  I went back to Michael's recently and was amazed and overwhelmed by the different tools and devices for crafting and hobbies.  As I don't do much of this myself I didn't comprehend the significance of many of the items.  I was impressed with the sales staff who with a few words immediately could identify the item you wanted and whether it was something they stocked.  If not, they had suggestions for where else you might find it.  Bought various crafting items for my girlfriend which she used to help me decorate my living room with.    Michaels also ha a wide variety of storage boxes useful for home organization.  The different sizes are helpful for planning storage in spaces of different dimensions. I went back to Michaels to explore again and found some other useful items.  It will likely not be a stop that I frequent weekly but when the fancy to decorate comes up,  I'll count on them for ideas.
Michael's is one of my favorite stores at The Waterfront.  Seems like there's always a sale and there are coupons in the Sunday paper all of the time, which encourages me to return.  I'm a fan of their frames, vases, candles, and holiday decor. On occasion, when I'm feeling crafty, I'll purchase flowers.   The staff is helpful. Parking is plentiful.
Since I moved here, I've been shopping at this Michael's location. I go here at least twice a month. And I must say its grown on me. The store is always clean and organized. The associates are usually helpful. And I can I usually find some good deals if not clearance items. Though I must admit that the cake decorating class schedules are not as full as here when you compare them to the Monroeville location.
This is smaller store than ones i've seen inside malls, but they seem to have all of the necessities. They have a great collection of candles! My favorites were in the "relax" section. Turquoise Sky & Home Sweet Home were great! I'm not a huge fan of food scented candles, but they actually had very nice ones! Apple Pumpkin was great and surprisingly i loveddddd Christmas Cookie! The employees were all helpful.
Whenever I was at the waterfront I would eat here.  The shakes are good, as are the shoestring fries and baked beans.  The sandwiches are small thin patties of meat so you probably want at least a double.  Overall, pretty tasty.
The food is good and its CHEAP.  I mean REALLY INEXPENSIVE.  $4.00 for a burger and fries. Add a coke and its like $10.00-$13.00 for two people.  Seldom if ever crowded.   Service can be a tad slow but hit or miss.  They also do breakfast and its a great alternative to waiting at eat and park.  Try the shakes, they're great.
I heart Steak N Shake. I love the fact that the fries are shoestring, the burgers get to you pretty fast, they're a little greasy, and the food is super cheap.  I visited Steak and Shake on New Year's Eve in preparation for an evening of mostly tame partying. I was unnaturally attracted to their Wisconsin Buttery Burger, which is a double patty cheeseburger topped with grilled onions between two buns that have been buttered. Sounds good right?  Well, I get this delicious diet abomination and discover that my buns had been dunked in butter. The pearly gates of cholesterol laden heaven with the triglyceride angels were singing to me.  I took the liberty of increasing my sodium intake by pouring their burger/fries seasoning on the buns and I literally got tears in my eyes....most likely from the salt overload, but possibly because this was one of the most evilly decadent things I had eaten in a long time.  This is not meant to be a fine dining experience. Service wasn't fast but it wasn't slow. It just kind of was. However, the waitress did get a point for explaining that the order would take X amount of time to all patrons. So I give them a pass for being upfront about it.  Next trip to Pgh is going to feature Steak and Shake - I guarantee it.
Fast food in a resturant setting.  Considering this food is good and cheap plus you can get food to go.  Must be a reason why this place is always packed.
I never thought that I'd be giving Steak 'n Shake a 4 star review, but I really enjoyed my dinner here tonight. It just hit the spot!  I was impressed by our waiter as soon as we walked through the door. He apologized for our very brief wait to be seated and for the fact that he was the only waiter working at that time. However, everything was delivered promptly, and he made what would've been just a tasty diner dinner into a great experience.  I ordered a grilled cheese and fries. The grilled cheese was well cooked and filled with tasty, perfectly melty cheese. I love Steak 'n Shake's thin and crispy fries, and these were as delicious as I had expected.  For just $9 for me and my husband, I have to admit that we had forgotten how inexpensive Steak 'n Shake was. Based on the cost, the food, and our fantastic waiter, we'll be back soon.
Fell asleep last night before I did my review what I can say about this place is their food is good their milkshakes r awesome I had gotten the chicken fingers with fries & a birthday cake milkshake which was delish we got seated pretty fast & our waiter was very polite & professional
As far as I'm concerned, Filene's Basement is good for two things: cheap dresses and cheap accessories.  As a young performer, I need good-looking dresses for frequent auditions -- and I need a couple, so I'm not wearing the same thing every time. The dresses on the second floor usually range from $30-60 and are good for over a year. It can be hard to find a full-length dress that's not reminiscent of a prom dress, but their selection of cocktail-length dresses is ample.  As far as accessories go, Filene's tends to have cheap versions of popular trends. If I feel the need to stock my wardrobe with a transient fad, Filene's is the place to go.
Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later.   I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.  I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
This is probably my favorite store in Pittsburgh, for the selection and variety of discounted designer clothing. Other stores carry the same stuff but for much, much more, and it's hard to find all the stuff that the Basement carries in one spot. (Yes, I admit that the 'burgh has some cool stores.) I would do most of my clothes shopping here if I were here more often.
Well, the experience did not start well. When we walked in the singing we heard was NOT good. Oy was it not good... Thankfully, it (mostly) improved from there.  So there were 3 piano players rotating out on a half hour basis. So each was on for an hour and off for half. Of the 3, two were really good. Good singers, good piano players, and very funny. The third guy, well, not so much. Piano skills were fine. But his singing was not. When he sang in his range, he wasn't too bad actually, but too often he reached for notes that he couldn't get to or forced things that just weren't going to happen. Often his jokes fell completely flat. Luckily the other two usually did most the talking.  They played a variety of songs as requested by the crowd and would do them in unconventional styles if requested (Closer by NIN as sung by a lounge singer was a highlight). We requested Britney Spears' Toxic cause we thought it would be funny and so they gave it a shot and as luck would have it, it turned out REALLY good. That takes some serious talent to pull off. If they didn't know it (like Toxic) they'd find it and play it. They played a wide variety of stuff.  Part of the experience is based on the crowd. We had a couple larger groups (there on a Thursday night, so smallish group in general) that they interacted with a lot, providing some running jokes and comedy. Of course, that also meant some annoying drunk people feeling like they could take over half the show.  My friends were BIG fans of the super cheap beer specials. $1 drafts from Rock Bottom next door. The waitress wasn't great but it could have been that she was the only one there and the layout isn't that easy to navigate. The bar was generally uncrowded though so getting service there was fast.  If in the Waterfront for a night out, definitely a place to hit and have some fun if you are up for some fun and willing to sit through a couple clunkers of songs/jokes. Having a fun loving group of friends to mock things with when they go off the rails a bit will help make it more fun.
While we were in Pittsburgh for the Winter Classic on New Years Day, we figured we'd see what the area had to offer for NYE. My wife and I, along with my friend and his girlfriend hit up Sing Sing in Homestead. It's apparently located on what was the site of one of the largest steel mills in the area. When it closed they turned the entire site into a large outdoor shopping and entertainment development. The only remaining artifacts from what once was, were the nine or so original mill smoke stacks still standing at the primary entrance. Pretty cool.  Sing Sing, which is a piano bar, is attached to the Rock Bottom Brewery and serves a selection of RBB's in-house brews and shares a similar menu. There are no TV's, no sports memorabilia (which is rare for this city), and no big booths for large groups. This place is all about being a cabaret with the focus on the musicians. Mind you this isn't a bad thing, just note that if you want a bar, go next door or across the street to Dave and Busters. I'd say Sing Sing holds about 150 people seated.  This particular night they were hosting a (shocker) NYE's party. For $40 bucks a person you got a choice of two entrees (beef tenderloin tips or lemon chicken), veggies, mashed potatoes, one free drink coupon, a midnight champagne toast, and, what turned out to be over four hours of non-stop music. Again... Pretty Cool.  There were three musicians holding down the fort playing more than just piano (drums, electric synth, bass guitar, and apparently I missed the sax). There was plenty of crowd involvement. As in most piano bars you request songs along with a tip. The larger the tip, the better chance of hearing your song you have. I put three requests on a sheet with a 10 and managed to get two played. Their rendition of Toto's Africa was fantastic and surprisingly, my curve ball got hit out of the park when one of the guys actually knew the tune and words to the Theme from TV's "Growing Pains." I was sold from that point on.  I will take this time to note that this is NOT a family friendly joint. I'm not sure if it was 21+ only but I certainly wouldn't bring anyone too young to drive. A good amount of sexual refrences and strong language awaits you.  Drinks were stiff and not horribly overpriced. I think rail mixed drinks were $7.00 and beers were 6 or so (RBB doesn't brew anything I particularly enjoy so I stuck with rum and cokes). All and all my bill wasn't scary and I'm not used to that on Dec 31st. Waitress staff was really nice and incredibly attentive. No complaints there.   The only down side to everything was group seating as you're sitting at 2-top cab tables. It was easily fixed though as the group next to us was up for rearranging tables from side to side to front to back (allowing us to talk and share food/booze etc), also, being a tourist, we had no idea how hard it would be to get a cab in Homestead. Understandably NYE has its issues with cab availability but we had to wait 2.5 hours for a cab because, as we found out, Homestead is a very suburban community right outside of the city and everyone drives.   Ooops!  All and all a good time and someplace I'd certainly return to if for any reason I'd be back in Pittsburgh... as long as I have a car.
So.Much.Fun!   I WISH I could play a song at the drop of a hat. Too bad I never took piano lessons and I'd probably end up mumbling half the lyrics other than the chorus. Unless it's Salt n' Pepa's Shoop.   This is a really great place to go when you have out of town guests or are looking for a fun place to take someone for a birthday celebration or a fun night out. It's just something different to do other than boozing it up at the bars on a Saturday night.   Keep in mind you'll be paying around a $5-10 cover plus whatever drinks and food you get. The good thing is the food is coming from the attached Rock Bottom Brewery. So a lot of it is restaurant quality good. Plus the brewery beer is actually pretty good! OF course you will be paying restaurant price drinks...so of course they're up charged a bit. But you do pay for the whole experience....so you gotta get into the spirit with some spirits!   The guys who play are incredibly talented. There's 2 guys that will take requests and play songs on the piano. They pretty much play ANYTHING you ask. Contemporary songs, throw back songs, fight songs, rap songs, pop songs. You name it, they play it.   My favorite part is when they switch out to another two guys. They'll all four get on stage and play two piano's, a guitar and drums. They usually rock out with some fun familiar songs (um, Journey, of course!).   The birthday song is seriously the best. They sing to you....and call you some names....with expletives. But in a totally nice way of course. You just have to go!
Had an absolute blast!! Great for any crowd, any occasion, any age! Ashley the waitress was AMAZING
Picture Billy Joel's "Piano Man" DOUBLED mixed with beer, a rowdy crowd, and comedy - Welcome to Sing Sing!  A unique musical experience found in Homestead.  If you're looking to grab a bite to eat or a beer, come on in!  Serving food and brews from Rock Bottom Brewery, Sing Sing keeps your tummy full while you listen to two (or more) amazingly talented pianists take your musical requests.  They'll play anything you'd like, for tips of course.  Wanting to hear Britney Spears?  Toto?  Duran Duran?  Yep, they play that... new or old.  The crowd makes the show, so make sure you come ready for a good time.  If the crowd is dead, it's harder for the Guys to get a reaction.  If you're wanting to have some fun, it can be a GREAT time!  It's the perfect place for Birthday parties - especially if you want to embarrass a friend.  The guys will bring them up to the pianos and perform a little ditty.  For being a good sport, you get the coveted Sing Sing bumper sticker.  Now who wouldn't want that?  Dueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!
First time here tonight and I must say I wasn't sure if I wanted to go. It seemed like it might be ok but nothing special but I decided to go with friends and man did I have a blast. The $7 door charge was great figuring u had music from 8 until probably 2 am ( we left shortly after 1). The food was not super but good prices reasonable. The beer left something to b desired as they r a micro brewery so u can only get their crafts. I asked for something similar to yeungling but what I got was nothing like it. The musicians were great they made this place awesome. We will b back and this may b our new Pittsburgh hangout
My friend is a piano teacher, so I took it as a good sign that Sing Sing would be quality stuff. It was her birthday, and I didn't really know anything about dueling piano bars. I was picturing glossy black grand pianos with glittering notes, pianists in black jackets and crystal glasses full of red wine. I am really, really glad I was wrong.   It was gritty, bawdy and quintessentially Pittsburgh. First off, the pianos are scuffed to hell, considering the number of tipsy people who sit on them nightly while being mildly humiliated. The musicians hammer away at them, and they're covered with N@ and Sing Sing stickers. It's obvious they've been well-loved. The music is anything but the elevator music I was picturing; it's rock, hip-hop, oldies, pop, and just about any genre imaginable thanks to the request system (send up a piece of paper with some money) and the amazing repertoire of the musicians. For instance, "Rubber Ducky" and "Gangsta's Paradise" were both featured when I was there, and both performed impeccably. They also honored a request for a Taylor Swift song only to receive $30 and a request for "anything else," which they promptly followed. The musicians also do funny versions of popular songs, and throw in things like "yinz" instead of "you."  I saw in awe of the performers for a decent portion of the night. It must take a particularly special type of person to put on a show like this, considering the energy, confidence, wit, empathy, boldness, silliness, cleverness, and sheer talent a job like this requires. They rotate performers in and out so there's not even an intermission. I've read comments about the baseness of the humor, but I had no doubt the guys up on stage were intelligent dudes. They had great personalities: one was about 140 pounds, cheeky, and quick-witted. He acted out every sport in the winter olympics, and was pretty into this 90-something-year-old lady in the audience called Joan. The other had crazy hair and bright blue Chucks, beatboxed as well as he sang, and made it point to play a handful of songs for my friend's birthday. "I think Ray Charles is the most soulful guy of all time," he said when she requested him.  There were tons of people celebrating birthdays, and one big bachelorette party the Saturday night I was there. The performers bring the birthday boy/girl, bachelor/bachelorette, etc. on stage (for a $20 tip, which is pretty easy to scrounge up among friends) and humiliate the hell out of them, i.e. this is not the place to be if you can't laugh at yourself. My friend had a short dress on when she sat on the piano, and they sang a three-minute song about her vagina.  Luckily, the show eclipsed the bad service and overpriced, weak drinks, because those did feature heavily throughout the night. The rest of the staff was friendly, however, and I stumbled on the door guy singing and dancing by himself, which made me smile.  Sing Sing is definitely not an every weekend type of thing (much like Hofbräuhaus), but is a splendid way to celebrate a special occasion. Definitely belongs on every required Pittsburgh experiences list.
Always a good time, although it's definitely not a place I would visit often. It's great for groups....which is quite obvious since there are always several folks there for bachelorette  parties and birthdays.   Shut out to the piano players, who can not only play the piano, but also sing, play the drums and the sax. They are funny and know how to keep a crowd entertained. Also know some pretty obscure songs.   My big criticism is the set up. If you don't have a reservation and/or come later in the evening, it's difficult to get seats. Believe me, I don't mind standing, but it does become a bit awkward when you have to keep scooting over to let waitresses and patrons past you. If you do find a seat, it is often littered with someone else's empty glasses.
Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it, but it's true.
Excellent wings and sandwiches, generally good food otherwise, and fair prices-- nice casual place. The service can be a little slow due to how popular the place gets at peak times.
Great atmosphere and even better people----wait staff was very friendly and the French Onion soup was amazing....Definetly recommend the home made chips...  Great Bar in the up and coming Homestead area.....Highly recommend
We're always looking for non-chain restaurants by the Waterfront (they do exist...), and this has become a favorite. I've had the Hot Roast Beef & Fries and the Corned Beef on Rye, and both were delicious. Every beer I've had here has been ice cold, and the service has been strong too. It's a great place to watch a Pirates game too.
Food is good here. Great beer selection on tap. Sometimes the beer is on the pricey side. What I want from a neighborhood bar is a neighborhood special. Pinkerton is one of the best sandwiches. Good place to watch football, hockey, baseball.
One of my favorite local eateries. The mild & wild sauce is my absolute favorite, I wish I could purchase it. I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint I would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side, as usual in most local bars. Friendly service, will continue to frequent with my family.
We recently ordered fish sandwiches from here. They were HUGE! We did get the large, but it was so big we could've just shared one.   Was not over fried. The French fries were hot and also very good. We will definitely be going again to try something different.
Went to Dukes last week. They have really renovated the place, and added a lot of large screen tv's. The best part, tho, is the vast improvement in draft beer selection. I counted 46 beers on tap. If you are a beer head and are at the Waterfront shopping are, this is definitely one of your best choices.  The food is above average, and the selection is common pub fare.
My boys and I stopped here for dinner one night. It was cold and dreary outside but warm and homey in here.  Our server was extremely nice. The menu had lots of options. They are kind of known for their potato soup so that's what I had. It is very good. It's a very thick soup that is velvety smooth. I would definitely order it again. It was perfect for a rainy night.  My youngest son had chicken tenders. They looked a little over cooked but I tasted one and it was good. The coating was crispy and the chicken was juicy. My older son ordered wings with their house made sauce. It was good but not spicy enough for him. I thought it was good and would order it the next time I go.
Cool place to hangout. Good food, good prices and selection on beer and solid service. Geographically not in the most convenient of locations though, so that's why it's getting 4, not 5-Stars. Would recommend going here.
Stopped for late lunch yesterday (3/4/16).  Extensive draft beer selection, by which I was pleasantly surprised (many neighborhood pubs in Pittsburgh, it's Bud Light, Yuengling or nothing, it seems).  Food menu is large and pretty typical pub fare, burgers, sandwiches, pizza, etc.  Ordered the tuna melt special, which was nothing spectacular, but tasty enough.  Pleasant atmosphere and bartender was very friendly.  Would like to go back when the weather is better and the back deck is open.  Overall, a good local alternative to all the chain places down in the Waterfront.
Duke's is one of Pittsburgh's best kept secrets in my opinion and one of my favorite spots to drink. The interior is really nice, the outdoor section is also really spacious and great for warm weather days. Beer selection is great and the bartenders/waitstaff are ALWAYS on their game. When I come with large groups I find that the waitresses are always very attentive and quick on their feet. If I had one minor complaint it would be with the food. Some people might like it but when it comes to appetizers I just find that they go wayyyy overboard with the greasiness/breading. I would highly recommend Duke's to anyone who is looking to mix it up.
I love the games here but can't go very often since they don't rotate new games in very often.  The place is usually pretty clean.  Pool tables often have a wait on the weekend but are some of the better ones you'll find in the city.  Food is just "ok" Drink prices are fair but not great.
The usual fun center.  You can play games using a play card which you purchase there.  Game prices can be confusing- - -  2.3, 5.7, 9.9 credits, etc.  The arcade can be fun if you bring some friends.    Almost every game is a ticket game and there are few innovative or exciting game choices.  I didn't eat there, so I can't rate the restaurant part of Dave and Busters.
We came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be. I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile. I love their new Wheel of Fortune game! On our first play, we ended up winning a little over 700 tickets! They also have Fruit Ninja as a game. It was fun with the big widescreen but unfortunately you don't win as many tickets as you would hope. I wish their ticket center would have individual ticket counters like the other D&B's I've been to, where you feed a counting machine your tickets. At this place, they just weigh your tickets and give you the final count. We didn't try the food here and instead went to P.F. Chang's to eat before coming here, but the Eat & Play deal looked fun. Too bad it was only restricted to certain times of the day. Overall I had a blast here and definitely would come back. Hopefully next time when there is a deal or promotion.
I love Dave and Busters!!  It is a great place to go when you are wanting to have a great time with a great group of friends.  If you find you and your friends bored on a Friday or Saturday night, come to D&B and win some prizes!!  It is pricey though, so bring some major moolah
Not a cheap night out you will end up spending money here.  But it is busy fun entertaining and a good time out.  I ate dinner here and the food was great i also played pool and the arcade games.
My friend and I both had Friday off so we decided we wanted to do something more interesting than just hit up a bar on Thursday night. We settled on Dave and Busters. I went on Facebook and printed off a coupon for buy $20 get $20 in play free (we split the card, it took us about 1.5-2 hours to get through)  The games weren't *quite* as fun as I remembered, but it was still a good time. The place was far from crowded, and when a machine was out of tickets, it took us a good deal of time to find someone to assist us. When we did, the team at D&B could not have been more accommodating. To apologize for our wait they swiped us in for several games as well as gave us a handful of tokens for the game we were playing.   I think a lot of companies (I'm looking at you, American Airlines) could learn a lot from D&B. It cost them virtually nothing to swipe us in for games, but it made our experience so much better.  Drinks are half-price after 8 or 9, my Tropical Mojito was awesome! My friend and I are definitely planning on going back on a Wednesday for half-price games AND half-price drinks.
Visiting from Toronto, I was really impressed! The amount of tickets to be won was incredible. We usually got 200 tickets per play on average. Compared to Playdium here, that's awesome considering I'd win at most 10 tickets with the smallest prize costing 100 tickets. The food is great, the place is clean and the games don't feel greasy or nasty from all the food.
I still love this place!  I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!  i had so much fun, and so did my guest!  I got a very attentive serving staff, and met up with many helpful servers!  I believe that service has improved, so I bumped this restuarant up to 4 stars!  No five stars yet, because I've still as of yet to eat in the restuarant portion of it!  It's still worth the visit, and is a lot of fun for a reasonable price!
I'll have a biased opinion of any place like this. What could be wrong with playing old and new school games, drinking, and eating all at the same place? The one thing I can think of is the price. On the surface, this is a pretty expensive place; however, they give a bunch of good deals depending on the time you go, whether or not you "donate" money to the Make-a-Wish Foundation, and if you're lucky when you take a spin on the wheel of prizes! But honestly, know what the deals are before you go to make sure to get the best price available.  In regards to the games, there's a plethora for your enjoyment. Although it is nice to play games that spit out tickets, the last couple of times I've gone I've gotten 2 hours of arcade games for a very cheap price (Mario Kart, anyone?!). Either way, it's a really fun place that you'll most certainly have a good time at.
This is a really fun way to spend an afternoon. After several visits here, I've found a couple games that are easy to win and score you lots of tickets, and others that are just a blast to play. We did really awesome last time we were here, and their prize room is full of some pretty neat stuff.   Their food is not too bad. I've only ever eaten here once, and it wasn't that memorable, but I didn't hate it. I did like that they have a bar, and they had my favorite beer on tap, that was nice.   Like pretty much any arcade I've ever been to, there are things that are a rip off, and occasionally something won't work properly. That really irritates some people but I figure no arcade is perfect. At least none that I've ever been to. The most irritating thing for me is that some of the games have a call button on them that signals an employee to come assist you, and I kept hitting the button with my leg or something, so every once in awhile someone would randomly appear at my side and ask if I needed help, and I would be really confused. haha.   We went here with my husband's family on Thanksgiving, and we had a total blast. The whole place was pretty empty, and I felt really bad for the employees that had to work that day, but it was nice for us!
Chilling with Kimberly Vasil, Mikey & Big Bob for the 96.1 Kiss FM Listener Appreciation Party.  Kiss really knows how to throw a bash- $10 power cards, free t-shirts, megaphones & basketballs, appetizers & n/a beverages...  Apps are flowing & delicious, everybody is happy...  Nice Bash Kiss FM...!
I've probably only been to 3 Dave & Buster's in my life, but this is probably my favorite one. It's a lot bigger and has more variety of games than the other 2 I've been to, though they pretty much have the same games. The prizes are also better here, and the ticket exchange rate for the prizes seemed a lot more fair too. Definitely take advantage of the half priced games on Wednesdays!!!  I don't come for the food, since it's very average. With all these good restaurants close by, why don't just eat somewhere else and come for the games?
im a fan  I went to this one October 2014. I was in town for my favorite nfl team the colts steelers game. I went to the game and had fun in the city.  I went on half off Wednesday. I really had fun with the games. im a young man and I like old Nintendo games. I like all kinds of games. the skee ball game acted up.  I had fun  I will go back. not to this one because of the miles to far I will go to the ohio one.  im a fan
I gave D&B 4 stars because our waiter was very geniune and nice! The place has definitely changed over the years, becoming a very pricey venue. The food was mediocre. The fries were cold and the sliders were subpar, almost like White Castles from the freezer section in most grocery stores. My buffalo wings were rather tough. As for the games, they were mostly the same, but included a lot of the newer 'app' style games like flappy bird. Skeeball and Free throw were still fun, along with the coin drop machines. But, wow, we went through $50 of games really fast. The gift section is full of fun tchotchkes and prizes if you pay enough to rack up the points! Nevertheless, it is still a great destination to celebrate any special occasion with family, friends or coworkers.
You're either going to have the best service of your life or you're going to sit at the bar for an hour waiting for your quesadilla to come out. There is no in between yet 4,000 tickets later I still come back. I see no fun in the casino so Dave and Busters is my adult casino that still makes me nostalgic about my childhood. I enjoy the hoops game,  the top 40 music,  the yummy eats and most of their cocktail menu is pretty darn impressive. I always go for the Passion Fruit Sangria or the Backwoods lemonade that comes with a shot in a mini Solo Cup. They can be pricey after a while that's why I show up for happy hour. If you're into gaming do show up on a Wednesday where all games are half off.
Fresh and good...but I was starving.  I will obviously be returning since I have such a favorable memory.  I must say, though, my spicy chicken sandwich was fresh-out-of-the-fryer hot and very crispy while my bun was toasted.  The french fries were also fried to an artery clogging perfection.
Ordered pizza and wings from here with delivery.  The pizza was pretty decent but the wings were just so-so.    The prices were pretty good and delivery was quick.  I'll definitely order pizza from here again.
Nobody has reviewed this in a while, but I am surprised at the lack of lovin'!  My husband and I ate here a few nights ago and we liked it a lot.  We started with drinks--he got the house-brewed Portland Wheat and said it was quite a good beer, and I got a mixed drink (Red Rock) that was also tasty.    He got a burger covered in mozzarella cheese and I got a mahi sandwich.  Both great--the fries and side salads are good here too, and there is no skimping on portions of anything.  There were tons of things on the menu that I'm looking forward to trying.  We are usually not dessert people at all but ended the meal sharing a triple chocolate stout cheesecake--who can resist a beer cheesecake, come on!  Our food and service was great.  They had the Penguins game on all the TVs in the bar and were setting up live music for after the game.  Seriously, what's not to like!?  I'm thinking this place has changed for the better since the last review a year ago... :)
This is literally the first place I went when I first came to Pittsburgh - and I loved it. Hearty, full-sized meals, lots to choose from, and not too crowded or noisy. Although, for the sake of full disclosure, I didn't sit at the bar and I don't drink alcohol so I can't comment on that. I go back to Pittsburgh often and Rock Bottom ends up being a good standby for a dinner and a movie kind of night. Really, I have no complaints about this place so I'm surprised by the few low ratings here.
Pretty good! Excellent beer sampler - bargain!  Veggie burger awesome. Onion rings awesome. Fried Mac n cheese was delicious - crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside. Carrot cake was monstrously huge and delicious.
First off, I will say that I just moved here from California and was a big patron at the Rockbottom in Long Beach. I came to the Homestead location last night eager to see the beer at this location.  Now, Rockbottom is a chain brewery, so a lot was the same... the menu, the food prices (yet beer is cheaper, and I am fine with that). I have always found their food to be pricey, but they use excellent ingredients and it has always been tasty and filling so I am fine with that. The food here was just as good as the Long Beach location, so I have no problem with the chef at all.  Service was good, our waitress was very friendly and helpful. I wish that they had asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar since happy hour was still going, but that isn't a big thing. Went to the bar to get a drink and had to wait awhile to get the bartender's attention, but he was very friendly and I got a nice welcome from him and others at the bar when they learned I had just moved here... I really enjoyed that.  Beer: We got the beer sampler to try the whole list... and, well... I found the dark beers a bit lacking in comparison. The light beer and the wheat were amazing, very impressed. The pale was ok, as was the velvet pale that was one of the specials of the night... but both were way too citrusy. The Uppity IPA was very good... I don't usually like IPAs because the hops overpowers all flavor but the brewer had a good balance. Still, couldn't do a whole glass. I felt the Imperial Stout had a bitter burned taste that was overpowering... I almost want to say the batch had too much chocolate malt in it (not ice cream malt, for the non-homebrewers). The brown and amber were decent, but bland. I ended up getting an actual glass of the light beer and was able to finish it all without forcing it.... one point up on Long Beach, who had a good light but the aftertaste got to you before the glass was empty.  I REALLY wanted to try the Das Gut Dopplebock, but they were out. Looks like they will have it in bottles to go soon so I hope I can catch that. Also want to try the Snow Moon Belgian.  Verdict: While I was not too impressed with the dark beers, I found the lighter ones very good and I look forward to trying the other seasonal beers. It is a good hour drive south to get there, so I won't be going too often, but I will be back.
Beer selection was good, but they were out of the ones we wanted. 4 of the 6 people in our group ordered steaks all of them were cooked to their satisfaction. The bourbanzola was a good addition. Defiantly a place I would go again. Joe, our server, was awesome and super friendly.
Rock Bottom is a nice hangout place. Often when you are out and about with friends you arrive home with no voice from screaming over all of the background noise. Great if your out to see a band, but not so much fun if you actually want to talk to the people sitting around you.    Depending on your mood you can sit in the dining area full of booths and tables. It's alittle separated from the main bar area so provides for a semi quiet dining area. The bar area gives you a choice of sitting at the surrounding tables with waitress service or hanging out at the bar itself. Complete with a chillie ice strip to keep those yummy brews cold and the ever entertaining company of your favorite bartender. When the weather cooperates the outdoor patio houses about 6 tables for outdoor dining. The view however...not so picturesque, just the entrance to the Improv. Which hey, that could be the perfect seat if you're stocking the local comics!    The bar area contains pools tables and dart boards to try your skills. On any give night sports fans can enjoy the games of the day on one of the 6 big screen TVs surrounding the bar area.   The menu is pretty decent with burgers that are cooked to order with the choice of either steak , veggie or chicken. They have a number of specialty burgers with different cheeses, toppings and creative themes. The bourbonzolla is a tasty burger with a Bourbon based glaze and Gorgonzola cheese. Appetizers which range from nachos to firecracker shrimp. Steaks, pasta and salads with rotating specials from different areas of the menu.   On Monday the burgers are half off...I don't think you have to be a member of their mug club to get the special. However, if you are here regularly the mug club is great with free gifts and specials.   http://www.rockbottom.com/MC   Needless to say I have a fun beer glass collection thanks to Rock Bottom...LOL!   Now everyone favorite part about Rock Bottom's Beers!  The in house brew master keeps it interesting with a rotating variety of frothy yummy to try along with the consistant favorites of Ale, IPA's, Rotating Darks and Kolsch.   Stop by on Thursday nights for a colorful game of trivia where teams battle it out in a game of intelligence and drinking skills!
We've all had this happen to us - you go past a place one hundred times and never go on. Then, once you finally do, you realize how many opportunities you wasted!  Rock Bottom is definitely a solid bar. As a microbrewery, their beer list is full of house brews. There are better beers in the world, but there are a lot of worse beers out there, too.   What really makes Rock Bottom standout, though, is the food. My girlfriend and I shared an order of nachos, and it took everything we had to finish them. They also make a mean soft pretzel.   The Waterfront may not be the most convenient thing to do while in Pittsburgh, but no trip to the Waterfront, is complete without a bite and a drink at Rock Bottom.
Rock Bottom on Thursday nights is the place to be. Team Trivia starts at 8pm and it is free to play. The DJ (Todd) is great.   The food is good, but the Ball Park Pretzels with Spicy Spinach Cheese dip is the best. The wait staff is generally pleasant and on top of things, a few servers are excellent. I am not a beer drinking so I haven't tried the microbrews but the mixed drinks I've had have been good and a few of thier specials perfect.   On nights that are not trivia nights, Rock Bottom is quiet and a good place for a small to medium party. Larger parties will usually be split into two tables.   Overall, an enjoyable place at which I am a regular.
So I have not been to one of these in awhile since I normally have an aversion to chain restaurants, but since I was with colleagues on travel for work and they chose this place I went along.   First surprise: decent beer.  I remembered the normal RB Brewery beers were not much to write home about but they had a couple of new styles, including a very good imperial IPA that for $5/glass cannot be beat.  Second surprise: pretty tasty food with a lot more healthy options than I expected.  Recommend the summer salad and the ahi tuna - both were great.   Service was a little slow (not sure why) so a 4-star review is downgraded to 3.5. I'll be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh for work.
The beer is good. Their light beer, Lumpy Dog, is very good-- doesn't taste like a light beer. When I was pregnant I became quite a fan of their root beer floats, too.  As others have noted, the pretzels are really good. I'm not a fan of the spinach dip but my husband likes it. Veggie burgers are always good, too, though the staff sometimes seems confused when you order, say, the bourbonzola burger with a veggie burger. Long, long ago, when I used to go to the Rock Bottom in Boston, there was a hot mushroom / sundried tomato / cheese dip on the menu that was fantastic... if they resurrect that I will gladly add another star!
I've always been pleasantly surprised with the food I've gotten at Rock Bottom.  I say "surprised' because with any restaurant that falls into the slippery territory of a "chain", you expect to find your fair share of culinary duds.  But I've really had a lot of good meals at Rock Bottom.  Now, granted, you do owe it to yourself when ordering to not forget where you are (a "bar-straunt" if you will), and don't get anything above and beyond this place's call of duty.  For instance, I will never be ordering the ahi tuna.  I'll leave that to my favorite sushi bars and restaurants a bit closer to the water (the Mon doesn't count.....).  But besides that, I always really enjoy my meal choices.  I've recently gotten the chicken avocado sandwich.  Chicken was grilled perfectly, plenty of avocado, and it was a good sized sandwich without being excessive.  I've also ordered the Margherita pizza, which could definitely be split between two people.  It's an eight cut that comes to you on a big wooden pizza paddle.  The pizza was really great.  The crust was crispy, it had a good balance of cheese and tomatoes, and the basil pesto was fresh and tasty.  And not greasy whatsoever - BIG bonus points there.  But my biggest surprise as of late was when I ordered their chicken flautas.  I'm a HUGE Mexican food fan and always hesitate to order Mexican outside of a Mexican restaurant for fear of being disappointed.  But I had an insatiable craving one night and decided to go for it.  It was DELICIOUS.  The flautas are deep fried which gives you an amazing crunch, and they still managed to not dry out the inner ingredients.  The accompanying rice was nice and moist as well.  I was so happy!  I've always been quite happy with the service there as well.  I go on Thursday evenings for trivia, and nine times out of ten the service is really spot on.  The ladies servicing the bar area are friendly and attentive.  Only once or twice, to my memory, has my service been sub-par, and that can usually be chalked up to an extremely packed Trivia Night with only two visible servers helping 50+ people.  I definitely give Rock Bottom two thumbs up for taking your typical chain-found food and making it fresh, yummy, and worth coming back for more.
Happy hour at Rock Bottom, 2 thumbs up!  Good prices, the pizza is delicious, drinks are a few dollars off the regular price, good service, and the atmosphere is always casual and fun.
Rock Bottom was our first stop on a 17 mile pub crawl.  As expected, the bar was lively, the food was good, and the service was accommodating,  The beers are better than Church Brew Works and the bar was populated.  The bartender readily offered a taste of beer and gave us a hat to wear for the rest of the crawl.   I vote for Rock Bottom as the anchor store of the Water Works.
I haven't been to Rock Bottom in years.  Maybe even decades...is that even possible?  Well, either way, it's been awhile.  So with my gift certificate I took my brother out for a birthday dinner.    As I get older, my tolerance for things like crowds and youngsters gets lower and lower.  As a result, I told my brother to be ready by 4pm so we could head to the Waterfront before everyone goes out for date night.  Plus the Pirates were playing at 4:05 so we could enjoy our beers and the game.  When we arrived, the bar side was already pretty packed but we were still able to get a table.  Our server was very attentive, friendly and helpful.  Right off the bat we both ordered samplers so we could try all of their beers.  We loved the fact that as she approached our table with a full tray of samples our server said, "I have to go back for the rest."  In all we were served 10 different beers each (in 3 oz glasses, maybe 4 - I can never tell).  I gotta say, Rock Bottom knows their beer.  I liked more than I didn't, and very few were not to my liking.  So the $6.95 10 beer sampler was well worth it.    During our sampling we indulged on some Southwest Egg Rolls.  They were okay, but not quite what I expected.  The spicy ranch was top notch, though.  As we ran out of beer, we each ordered up a Kobe Burger.  They were both cooked exactly to our liking (medium).  And to top off our wonderful evening, the Pirates brought home a win!  My only complaint, as a beer drinker, is the cost for a growler.  The glass container itself is sold for $12.95.  That's the empty price.  To me, that's a little ridiculous when East End only charges $3 for the bottle and Penn Brewery $5.  Paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me.  So I walked out empty handed.    But it won't deter me from returning.
I very much enjoyed my first visit here. I got the Turkey Meatloaf and it was really tasty. It's more sausage than turkey. The cheesy mashed potatoes were excellent. The star of the night was the appetizer, the artichoke and crab dip. It was awesome. My only complaint was I ordered a Red Ale and they were out. I had the Curmudgeon instead and it was very good, but still.
First time I was here I had chicken quesadilla's and they were bad.  We went again last weekend. I had the chicken avacod sandwich.  It was very good.  No fat in the chicken.  Just a mess to eat, but still awesome.   Also had the chocolate stout cupcake, it was amazing.
Thanks to the staff here For being so friendly and Cool with our whole mess*  *rock bottom allowed our bachelorette party to eat and drink and hang after dave and busters orphaned us
Went to Rock Bottom for lunch the other day and was very pleased. My coworker had printed out a coupon for a free mini appetizer. The waitress told us that they were not making mini appetizers and gave us a full sized chicken quesadilla. If you have ever had the southwestern egg rolls from Chili's - the filling tasted like that and I am a big fan!   Mondays are half off burger days and I tried the just hot enough burger - topped with crispy jalapenos, pepper jack cheese, pico de gallo and housemade habanero ketchup. It was delish! The ketchup was so good and the fries were extremely crispy.   The prices are a little steep for lunch but if you go on Monday, it's totally worth it. I think that the quality of food more than makes up for it but don't expect for pay under $10 for a sit down.   I felt that the staff was very nice and the waitress was very attentive. The service was quick and I think you can get in and out in under an hour.
Mostly come here for the beer and sports. Fun place!
I go to Rock Bottom pretty often for dinner or their awesome beer, so I was really really excited to have my bridal shower there.  My maid of honor reserved the banquet room which was very nice and separated from the rest of the restaurant.  My MOH and mother said that the person they talked to about reservations and arrangements was wonderful and easy to get in touch with.  My shower was wonderful, the wait staff was great and kept everyone's glasses full.  It started pouring down rain and they let us stay a little longer so my gifts wouldn't get wet when taking them out to the car.  The only reason this place gets 4 stars is because we were not allowed to take our leftover food from the buffet home.  There was salmon, chicken, potatoes, and mac and cheese left over and they told us we couldn't box it up.  Not sure why- they can't re-serve it!  It would have just gone to waste!  Also, not at all related to the shower, their trivia night is super fun!
I'm giving 4 stars mostly because of the beer....large selection & decent prices.   The food is pretty good, but nothing to rave about.  The menu has a good variety, and everything I've tried has been good.  Portions are large.    One side of the restaurant is the bar & bar atmosphere....with several TV's & 2 pool tables.  It's very wide open with extremely high ceilings.  The other side is more for families or people who aren't concerned about watching sports.  In general, it has a relaxed atmosphere.  I've always had quick & friendly service.    I love the whole Waterfront area....so much to do!
I'm not much of a beer drinker, but my fiancee is a major enthusiast, so I agreed to tag along.  I'm glad I did!  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the extensive house-brewed beer selection, and helped me to pick one I would love (the kolsch was very crisp, light, and drinkable.)  The food was standard pub fare with a twist, well-executed.  My burger was topped with onion petals and gorgonzola, and cooked to perfection.  The waitress recommended their macaroni and cheese for a side, which was definitely a good choice.  My only complaint is that most of the food was rather heavy, and I spent the rest of the night wallowing on the couch.  Not sure I would make the hour+ trip to Pittsburgh again, but if I found myself in the city, I may just stop by.
I'm a regular here since their kitchen is open late and it's a good option after movies. Their nachos is pretty good. I also tried their burger and chicken sandwiches and they're good as well.  I think the only thing I did't like is the steak taco appetizer. It was too sour and kinda tasteless.
The Cajun Pasta I ordered was just spicy enough to keep me sipping my Rock Bottom IPA. It may be a chain but I always get that microbrew restaurant feel when I'm here. They could upgrade the quality of the servers but I've never had a really bad experience with the service.
I really miss the Northstar Amber but the specialty beers are always good.  Food is excellent and the service staff is friendly.
Another good meal ... this time the Housemade Meatloaf. It's a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef. A refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple. Served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggies. The server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone has a bad day once in awhile. Service was prompt just the same. Overall good experience.
I have to say that I've only been here when it was very busy. I found the service fairly quick and any of the food I've had has been delicious. I went there tonight and there was an issue with my food. Without going into detail, I will say they handled it wonderfully. Our waitress Mallory was very kind and she was quick to fix the problem. I had the salmon for the second time and it was just as amazing as it was the first time. I had one beer that's similar to a blue moon and that was good too. I would go back again!
The staff here is very nice and the set up has TVs all around the family so enjoy mostly all sports, the music is nice and pretty mellow and the place is very spacey and the prices are pretty reasonable. And most importantly is the place seems to be kept clean at all times.
Good food and large portions. I ordered the Veggie Burger for $8.50 and I loved it! It's one of the most unique veggie burgers I have ever had: a homemade patty of beans, rolled oats and veggies. The chipotle mayo really gave it that oomph. My burger was more than enough for me to handle and everything was worth the price. As for drinks, I'm a complete noob when it comes to beer but my friend ordered a tap and even from a small taste, I could tell it was very good quality beer. Bitter and sweet, with a slight tang. I rarely drink beer but i I'm going to, then might as well drink the best kind there is - fresh and microbrewed.  NOTE: There aren't too many options for vegetarians. The veggie burger was pretty good and I'd recommend it, but other than that, there's also the veggie tacos, a few select appetizers, and a few salads from which to choose.
I've never been crazy about the food here, but my friend likes it, so I do eat here once in a while. We stopped in last night and I had the chicken finger appetizer with fries. The food was a little overcooked and nearly tasteless. The ranch dressing was barely good enough to make up for it.   My friend had the mac & cheese with chicken and bacon, which is what she orders just about every time she's there. It looked delicious and the portion was huge. I'll be trying this dish next time we're there.   We've also had the Ball Park Pretzels in the past, and they're really good.   I'm giving 4 stars because the service was great, there's outdoor seating, and the Berry Bash Sangria was delicious (if expensive). We'll be back.
Every time I've been here the food has always been delicious and the service has always been very exceptional. My go to is the Laredo burger and the Mac n'cheese as a side. They Mac n' cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic! I've had a few other menu options as well that have been superb. The beers on tap are always great. My newest favorite is the First! Pumpkin Ale.   One thing I really appreciate about Rock Bottom is that they aren't one of these restaurants that try to rush you out when you're done eating. The food comes out fast (which is great when you're starving!) but if you want to stay an visit with your date or eating companions there's never any rush. I was just at Rock Bottom last night meeting friends for a movie that didn't start until 11pm. We got at the restaurant around 7:30, ordered drinks, ate and had a few more drinks and then just hung out for about a half hour until it was time to Walk over to the cinemas. It was nice not feeling rushed to leave as soon as we stopped ordering.  My only complaints are that sometimes meat ends up being cooked a little more than you often ask. Medium often turns into medium well, but that's not a huge problem for me. I also don't think the signature cocktails are worth $9, but that's more of a corporate complaint since Rock Bottom is a small chain.   Overall I definitely recommend eating here if you're in the Waterfront!
I am not a fan of chain restaurants typically and had to slowly break my boyfriend from wanting to eat at chain restaurants all of the time. The one chain that I can't break from is rock bottom.   Their beer is always good- as far as their staples go, I really love their white ale. Their seasonal IPAs have been good and my favorite seasonals of all time included their chocolate raspberry stout (...yes, it tasted as good as it sounds; they had it last year around Christmas) and their smoky BBQ brown ale (tasted like summer, complemented BBQ amazingly ; they had it this past summer, I bought a growler of it lol).   As far as their food goes, I typically stay away from the appetizers. $10 and up is a little too pricey for me as far as appetizers go. I've had their southwestern rolls and they were good but not worth $10.   Almost every time I go I order the Baja chicken sandwich. It's my favorite chicken sandwich! So good. The chicken is actually grilled (which goes for all of their chicken sandwiches) and I love the charred flavor that it has. The bun is soft but sturdy and doesn't fall apart while eating the sandwich, the sauce is amazing, the onion frizzles are the best and last but not least... There's a half of a fresh avocado on this sandwich. Mhm! I love it. My boyfriend usually gets the hickory BBQ bacon chicken sandwich and loves it as well.   Another item I ALWAYS get... Their apple coleslaw. I've yet to find better coleslaw in a restaurant. So simple, yet oh so good.   They also recently changed their fries and these are much better than their old ones.   Their side salads are awesome as well. They are decent in size- spring mix topped with sunflower seeds, raisins, half of a hard boiled egg (which I give to the boyfriend), chopped cucumbers and tomatoes and croutons. Yum!   I usually order the same thing every time I go. I steered off my normal path once and ordered the buffalo Mac and cheese and found it to be quite tasteless. Which turned me off to trying new items there. Plus I am just too in love with the Baja chicken sandwich and apple coleslaw to want to try anything else.   Service is always great, the bartenders are friendly... I love this place. Ask about their rock bottom rewards !
I always enjoy Rock Bottom. Standard beers on tap are always great and their rotating selection usually has a hit as well.   I prefer the bar seating as to the dining room, but this is a good way to separate the family dining from those of us without kiddos.   Nachos, nachos, nachos. Truly the best in the area. Great burgers, chili and salads. Really...I don't think I've had a bad meal here. Nice outdoor seating in the summer.   This is a great place to watch a game or just hang out. Iced counter at the bar to keep your drink cold.  I know they have other cocktails here, but I can't order them at a beer place. I've seen them and they do look good, but I'm stuck to the beer selection.   They have a great happy hour and specials throughout the week.   Service is always great whether there are two or 10 of us.
We have been going to Rock Bottom for sevesrl years and Love it! It is our go to place, when we want a nice meal, in a nice atmosphere,  with good service! We have had 1 maybe 2 not so great visits but for the most part, service is EXCELLENT and the food is consistent!  After leaving another restaurant (just trying to do something new for a celebration) because of poor service, we were greeted and seated in a few seconds!  Our server was at our table within seconds even though she had a large (10 to 12 guests) Group at the table near us. We had our drinks in minutes and were checked on twice within 5 minutes. Our food came out rather quickly and was delicious! Our server was very attentive and social. As usual, a save by our go to place! I know we will retun here again!
On a Friday I went to Rock Bottom with some friends for their happy hour which takes place from 4-6. Our server was a spunky brunette who was very attentive and even let us sample as many beers as we liked until deciding. I ultimately decided on the Pom-berry Cosmo which was excellent. I also got the ball park pretzel which is amazing. During happy hour it's only $5 and you get two big pretzels served with this delicious cheese dip. My friends got the nachos, the quesadilla, and the artichoke cheese dip. Everything was very tasty.
Went to Rock Bottom at The Waterfront over the weekend with 10 adults and 3 children in high chairs. Service was good, efficient, and fast. I enjoyed a good bowl of tortilla soup and an order of Buffalo wings. Both very good. From the table, I heard rave reviews of the Ball Park Pretzel the other meals including a 2 alarm burger, a few classic burgers cooked medium as requested, mac n cheese, and lobster and shrimp enchiladas.  A very good experience.
First, I have to say that I've been here twice in the past few months, and each time was with a very large group (one group of 20, one group of over 30) on a weekend evening and I'm thoroughly impressed with the friendly, efficient and professional manner in which the accommodate groups. Whether increasing the number of diners at the last minute or providing separate checks, they are flawless. Lots of other restaurants could learn from them. Impressively, even with providing separate checks to such large groups, they chose not to add gratuity (and we obliged with good tips), l managed to deliver food to everyone at the same time, and processed payment of the checks in no time at all. Bravo to this restaurant's management and service staff, it's top notch.  That being said, the food and beer aint all that bad either! Fish & Chips, chicken mac'n cheese, salmon bites, guacamole and the Maker's Mark burger are all quite good, as are the beers (the Kölsch is my favorite!).
Great bar. Great atmosphere. Great food. Cool place to be.  Definitely one of those places you could keep going back just because it's so chill and it's a great place for friends to just enjoy some drinks and eat some good food. Nothing too too spectacular by any means but satisfies the taste buds. Their apps are the best part and the highlight of the restaurant, in my opinion. The nachos can be split among 4-5 people easy. Lots of toppings and yummy all around.
Great american style bar food with quite a lot to pick from the both the food and drink menus. They are also great at accommodating large groups and these are one of the few places that allow you to call ahead to reserve a spot. Been here plenty of times with my group and we enjoyed it every time.
I am a FAN of rock bottom.  This is my 2nd time here and i can say i am a FAN.  We went on a Saturday night after a day at sandcastle.  The wait was 45-60 mins for a table of 5 which was to be expected on a saturday evening.   Our server wasn't the best in my opinion.  She was very friendly and some what attentive but it definitely took awhile to place our orders in for our drinks, appetizers, and meals.    Since we were all hungry, I ordered us the nachos.  They were AWESOME.  Very happy and pleased with that selection. My sister ordered pretzels which were pretty good,but the clearly had TOO much salt on them.  The cheese dip that came with the pretzels however was AWESOME.  Definetly pleased with our selection.  We placed our order, which came out in a timely fashion.  Everyone was pleased.  The prices for the meal were about average for everything that you got.  I got the the margarita pizza which was pretty good.  My wife got jalpeno burger with fries.  My son got the kids pizza.  My sister and her husband got the seafood taco with shrimp and crab i believe.  The best part of this place is that they brew their own beer here.  Everyone got a honey beer (can't remember the exact kind) but it was 7.75 for 25oz which was a fair price i think.    All in all, its def a place worth going.
Good beer, food and service. Arrived on a Wednesday night for business and sat at the bar. Bartender was attentive and nice. Food was great. I had the Bison Prairie Burger. It was cooked perfectly and the flavor and fries were great. I'll be coming here again on my next business trip.
Came to this place last night after shopping! Food was pretty good! Service was good.  Sat outside. Nice space!
They did a good job accommodating a large group. Mac N Cheese with chicken and bacon was good. In house beers were moderate and selection was limited. Good service, franchise-ish ambiance, nothing extraordinary but easy enough.
We were a party of four. My wife and I ordered the stuffed pepper. It was very spicy with some serious zip. However, it was delicious. My youngest son had the chicken enchiladas. He thought that those were the best that he ever had. My oldest son had the chicken mac-n-cheese. He thought that it was very good. We all shared the calamari and jalapeno appetizer-- very spicy, but very good. We also had the buffalo wing appetizer. The sauce was very good, but the wings were OK. The brownie dessert was a little disappointing. The brownies were dry. I also had the key lime dessert. It was OK. The service was outstanding. The atmosphere was vibrant and enjoyable. We will definitely return the next time that we are in Pittsburgh.
We stopped into Rock Bottom for a late dinner. The place was hopping-the bar side and the restaurant side. We chose to dine on the restaurant side. There were a lot of great choices on the menu. I chose the grilled chicken sandwich which had barbecue sauce, bacon, cheddar cheese, pickles, lettuce, tomatoes, and red onions. The chicken it self had a great grilled flavor. I think it was good enough to eat plain. The barbecue sauce was smokey with a hint of sweetness. The pickles added a tangyness. It was a huge sandwich. It was served with fries but they were a little soft. They needed a few more minutes of cooking.  I only ate half of my sandwich so I would have room for dessert. They have a couple of smaller desserts that are served in Mason jars. Then they have a few that are larger that you could share with 2pr 3 people. I ordered the cheesecake with caramel and toffee. Yum!!!! It was the perfect ending to a good meal.
A friend and I stopped in to Rock Bottom Brewery before a movie on a cold Thursday.  It was a short hike from the theater, but I am not cold tolerant, and was glad of the warm, comfortable restaurant interior.  It was pretty empty (my favorite), and we were ushered to a booth, which was roomy and comfortable.    Our server was friendly, attentive, and made great recommendations.  The beers were very tasty!  Even though we were starving, our server recommended getting 1/2 order of nachos if we planned to get dinner.  GOOD TIP!!!  The half order of nachos is piled on to a traditional dinner plate, and it was plenty of appetizer for 2 people.  My friend got the country fried chicken with mashed potatoes and slaw.  She seemed to enjoy it.  I got the veggie pizza with feta, which was good, but I think I would have been happier with something else.  There was no fatal flaw in the pizza, I think I was stuck eating bread with grilled veggies and feta while my friend ate fried chicken- and that was entirely my fault.   Overall, this was a positive experience.  It has a "chain" feel (because it is a chain), but I would go back and recommend it to others.  It is for foodies? Nope.  It is amazingly original?  Nope.  But it is good food, good beer, good service, and a fair price.  Definitely.
Saturday night, Valentine's Weekend around 7 pm - Larger tables sat quicker from what I could tell when we were waiting. I was with one other person and we waited upwards of 50 minutes for a table. When we were finally sat it was by the door where it was really drafty. It was below freezing out, and we were both really cold. The food was great though when it came, and it somewhat warned us up. We ordered the tortilla soup, nachos, Diablo pizza, and 2 am burger. The soup was delicious. I'm itching to have another bowl already. I also tried their darkest beer that had hints of cacao and peanut butter. I'm not a beer fan, but I really liked it. Our waitress was extremely nice as well. We were comped 20 something dollars when we didn't even complain or say anything. It was a nice surprise when we got our bill. I'll definitely be back.
We got here at the last minute last night before the kitchen closed, there were five of us, and we got right in and had awesome service. We tried two beer flights so we could have the entire beer menu. The flights are priced exceptionally well. We had the nachos for an appetizer, which were good but not the best I've ever had. I had the Brewer's Cobb, which has always been amazing at every Rock Bottom I've ever been to and an extraordinary amount. My husband had the beef tips, which tasted good but didn't have a lot of meat. It left him wanting more. The mashed potatoes and onion straws paired with the tips were good though. The atmosphere was great, it was clean, and our server was friendly and attentive. Very happy with the experience.
A group of eight of us came here because Burgatory couldn't seat us (big surprise there) and none of us had been at this location before so we were willing to give it a shot.  They were able to seat us, not at the same table but at two adjacent tables.  We were flexible and more than happy to take that.  I had the Bourbonzola burger.  It wasn't the best burger I had ever had, but it certainly wasn't the worst.  It satisfied the craving I had and that was really all I expected.  The reason I'm giving this place a four star is the beer.  I had the High-Level IPA and it was fantastic.  Rock Bottom is know for its beer and they did not disappoint.  Everyone in our group that had beer was impressed.  Don't go to Rock Bottom necessarily expecting the best food you've ever had and you won't be disappointed with the experience.  What you can do though is go expecting some pretty damn good beer.  Do that and you won't be disappointed.
Food was very good and reasonably priced. Had great draft choices. I would recommend going early especially on the weekends or sit in the bar area. Very crowded and noisy
I've been coming to Rock Bottom for many years and am a loyal member of their "mug club", which, if you come more than once, you should sign up for because membership comes with a few nice perks. Rock Bottom brews some of their own beers with a nice variety of ambers, reds, and IPAs.  Typically when I'm here I like to sit at the bar or in one of the high tops near the bar where you can seat yourself.  If weather permits they also have a nice sized patio where you can also dine. Usually I'm here to share appetizers and my go to is the ballpark soft pretzels with the cheese dip.  They also serve some pretty good nachos.  When ordering from the menu I've found the grilled chicken BBQ sandwich to be a HUGE HIT.  This is one delicious sandwich.   Prices are reasonable, service is typically good, and the beer is flowing.  Nice option when in the Waterfront area.
I'm not someone that's mechanically inclined, so I can't say for sure that the deal I got was a good one. But that said Alan and the crew at Master Muffler certainly appears to have done a great job fixing my car to a degree better than I expected and at a price much lower than I was expecting. And with a great warranty on their work I feel comfortable knowing that if there is a problem I'll be covered. I would absolutely recommend them to all my friends.
I always enjoy a good comedy club and though I'm a loyal Helium fan, I gotta give props to the Improv near Pittsburgh. They chose a great location, with surrounding restaurants of all genres and fun bars and shopping.   We bought tickets to see a comedian I had never heard of (he was decent) for $25 each with a two item purchase minimum. I really dislike that rule but you can't really get around it.   The only thing I didn't like, aka hated, was having to wait in line outside before the show started. It was freeeeezing! They should put heaters outside. seriously.
You know that place where you've never gone, then you go, then you're going all the time? Well the Improv for me is one of these places.  I am thankful to have a venue to see some of my favorite comedians.  Most recently I saw Hannibal Burris, Tommy Johnigan and Doug Benson. All three performances were a hooting good time.   On Saturday afternoon at 2:20pm I went to see Doug Benson I was accompanied by my boyfriend. You may know Doug Benson from the hit documentary "Super High Me."  Ok so:  PROS  Wonderfully talented comedians  Clean bathrooms  Pretty wait staff  has Coors Light on tap ( 5.75 per draft)  Every seat in the house is a good seat   Cons: Expensive drinks Expensive food  Flavorless food  Dirty silverware  Far from my house  Mayo with french fries   Any way, I have enjoyed all my visits to the Waterfront.  I can certainly see myself seeing more shows at the Improve.  The club is well maintained and the wait staff is friendly.   Bring a lot of money with you, you're going to need it. I don't know if it's true everywhere but at this Improve there is are 2 item person, minimum order requirement.    They served us warm Mayo with our fries, what is this Holland!!! That sh*t was gross. It was both gross and also unusual.  Anyhow to catch a comedy show at the Improve is a pleasure.
This was my second visit to the club and it was still a blast. My girlfriends bought tickets for John Witherspoon for my bachelorette. We were all looking forward to it and it was hilarious! He was wonderful.   The servers were fantastic. They always came back to check in on us and make sure we had plenty to eat and drink. I suggest the Pink Cadillac for a drink as well as the cheese cake and chocolate cake for dessert.   The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because they had us wait an hour past the time we were to enter the building. We were to see the 9pm showing so the doors were to open at 8:45pm. They came out and explained that the show had run over and we wouldn't be able to even enter the building until 9:20pm. It was 28 degrees outside. We finally were able to enter the building, order drinks then the show finally started at 9:45pm.  The host did offer a blanket apology which was nice but hardly made up for the fact the show started almost an hour late.
I have been here twice in the last month. It's a pretty great time. My first visit, the service was pretty poor and the food was cold by the time it got to the table. We had to sit all the way in the back and the comedian was not that good (although that is no fault of the club). But when I went to the second show, the service was much improved. The burger I ordered was fantastic and warm. Our waitress kept the drinks coming without interrupting us while the comedian was on stage. We were also able to sit in the front this time and it was a great experience. I'll be going back soon!
Good! I can't comment on the food or the bathrooms, but from what experienced it was great! The drinks were decent, and I  believe you must order two items at minimum. The staff is quick, but they should have more people working on a Saturday night. Before you can ask for anything else they bolt to the next table or to the kitchen.  The comics we saw were funny as well. Will definitely go back!
I was so excited when my husband gave me tickets to go here to see funny man Bill Crawford, part of the DVE morning show for those of you who never heard of him.  That is funny because as I was telling people about going it became clear there are A LOT of people that haven't... Oh Well... Let me mention this was my first time there.  So I was warned in advance of the possible long waits outside and the two item minimum.  Well to my pleasant surprise there was no wait, walked right in, greeted, an usher showed us to our seats and we waited less than 5 minutes to be asked for our order.  This was nice.  I will say that the show started at 8pm, and we were there by 7:20 or so.  There were already people seated so we were by no means very early, and heck there were people with full course meals and tables of 10.  The price of the mixed drinks were not disclosed on the menu, leading me to believe that it may leave me short for the mortgage next month, but they did have a 60 minute dogfish head IPA for $6.00.  Now that may seem rather expensive and it is, but doable so I indeed did it... My husband got a domestic and it was between 4-5 bucks.  We opted not to eat there, as we were going to Rock Bottom after wards and I will get to that review later...  So the show was good.  There were moments that I think the comedians may have went off track and were just bantering, but luckily enough they rebound and got back to making everyone laugh instead of being uncomfortable.  There were a total of 4 comedians, the MC, and two opening acts for Crawford.  I actually really enjoyed them.    The one or two things I didn't like about the place.  The bathrooms are in the lobby.  As this seems normal there is no separate area to enter back into the room without having to make your way through people who are waiting to be seated... This was/is stupid.  I was actually nervous that they were going to stop me and ask for my ticket which they safely secured at my first entrance.  The same also goes for smoking.  Since we were so early I took a break and it was again awkward reentering.  Maybe they need to have some type of system to get around this.  A stamped hand?  A ticket stub?  Not sure but I know I would have felt better unlike feeling like I was sneaking into the place.    I would definitely return to the Improv.  I just hope I always have a rather positive experience!
I went here for the first time the other night and had a great time!  The comedian was hilarious and it was a great intimate setting for a fun night out with friends!  My only complaint was that it was a little pricey for the overall experience because not only do you need to buy a ticket, but every person needs to buy 2 items of food/drink and the drinks aren't cheap (around $10-12).  However, I would definitely go back sometime!
Wast there last Friday. Seats right in front if the stage. The show was good. The headliner, while a bit long, was good. Fantastic service from our waitresses. Will definitely go back.
Absolutely loved it at the Improv! I saw Sheryl Underwood and she was fantastic. It was my first time being at the Improv. After years of saying that I wanted to go, it really did meet my expectations! The ambiance is inviting, with warm lighting and a good amount of seating for a smaller place. We were 8th in line so we had good choice of seating, though we were encouraged to fill the seats in the front by the stage first. The seating is layered in tiers. Each tier has a long booth with tables and chairs for seating. It was very comfortable, roomy and an interactive set up. The stage is close to the seating (some tables are right at the stage) with little space between you and the comedian, which made it very interactive and fun. We arrived at the Improv around 9:45 pm for a show that started at 10:30 pm, with doors opening at 10:00 pm. We waited in line until the doors opened at about 10:15-10:20 pm, so they were really behind schedule. The show started around 10:45 pm with two opening comedians before the main act. The show was over around 1:00 am. The only negatives were that the staff was not very friendly and immediately told me that I have to buy a minimum of two items off of the menu. ($30/ticket isn't enough?) I was not hungry and did not want to drink, so this was a bit frustrating, especially because it wasn't disclosed on the ticket or anywhere else. The server did not hold us to the 2 minimum purchase requirement and my friend and I got away getting 3 drinks for the night. The food menu looked great and the prices seemed reasonable, though if you want water you are looking at $5 for Fiji or sparkling. It was $8 for a glass of wine. $11 for bottomless soda, complete with a take home Improv glass. The other thing that I didn't like was that an employee takes your tickets while you're waiting in line and marks your hands with a dry erase marker. After one bathroom trip, the mark was gone, so I think they need a more effective way to mark you as an already paid customer since the employee takes your proof of purchase. These negatives did not affect my overall experience negatively and I would most certainly go back! It is a fun place where you are guaranteed to have a good time with a lot of laughter!
Nice little venue for quality fun.  I saw Greg Warren here last night and had a really good time.    Check out yippit.com or sign up for Goldstar.com before buying tickets at full price. You can usually find substantial discounts for shows on one of those two sites. Sure there's a two drink minimum but I'm thinking that it helps pay for the comics and helps keep the price of admission down.  When you think about it, it's really a win-win.
I went to The Improv tonight with my husband and some friends and saw Theo Von. So funny. We had a great time.  Waitress was friendly and very helpful without being intrusive during the show at all. Pretty few options for food, and when you're with 2 people who don't drink and there's a 2-drink minimum, or 2-item minimum, the minimal food options are kind of a bummer. But it was still a great time.
Came here for a show last week with my family and had a good time.  Our opening acts were not the best, but the headliner brought some good laughs from the crowd.  When we arrived the man taking tickets was very friendly and okay with the fact that 2 members of our party were not with us. We just told him what they looked like and he let us go through anyway.   What happened inside next was what I thought would lead to bad review.  We were a party of 5 and they have mostly 4 person tables and then long booth benches with cocktail tables in front of them.  Our host tried to seat us at a 4 person table with a 5th chair on he end only to have a very rude waitress come up and say we couldn't do this. Our host then said "she's your waitress and you Don't want to make her mad already". They then tried to seat us in between parties on the booth bench against the back wall which with large men in our party that was not okay.  We decided to move to an end table and try again with a 5th chair and the waitress in this area was fine with it and extremely friendly. She saved the review! The drinks were fine, the wine list in not great but for comedy club drinks it was expected.  Kudos to our waitress for being accommodating and pleasant, just wish they were all.
Went for the first time last night and despite some of the iffy reviews, we had a great time. All of the staff was friendly, from the host at the front to the other staff and the wait staff was attentive (but we didn't get food, so I can't speak for how quickly ordering and getting food would be). Prices for drinks are a bit much, for 4 small drafts our check came out to about $50, but I did snag tickets on Goldstar for $10 a piece so I feel like it probably balanced out and the 3 comedians were great so I won't complain. I will say the food didn't really look all that great in comparison to the prices, but I can't speak for how it tastes. Overall, it's a fun place, no issues, I'd go again.
The Waterfront at Homestead is insane, and saves me the trip of driving all the way to Ross Park Mall. Anyway, the Giant Eagle here is enormous, as you'd imagine. It's still a standard Giant Eagle, aka the best grocery store ever.
I like this Giant Eagle. They have the organic section and they're currently(Feb 2011) in the process of remodeling too, which is both annoying (now) and exciting (for the future).  PROS: Always seems to be decent parking available; They have those cute little double-tier carts; Organics section; Wine Vending Machine (that's freaking awesome--Yay, Pennsylvania!); Lots of Self-Check-Out lanes;  CONS: Sometimes the staff is a bit cranky (but that can occur anywhere, i guess);
As far as GE's go, this location is great. It has basically everything you need and is well organized. You can find a lot of ethnic ingredients you can't get at other GE stores. They also offer a wine kiosk, hot bar, salad bar, and bulk olives. I would venture to say this is better than the market district.
Waterfront Geagle is my primary market. Now that they've expanded and reorganized, I rarely even have to set foot in Target anymore. Yippie! There's a wine kiosk (suck it PA liquor laws), you can buy crazy expensive 6 packs, cheese market, bakery, salad and hot bar, butcher, florist, dry cleaners, international foods, pharmacy, and a little cosmetics/beauty/bath area. They usually have a sufficient number of lanes open, and it doesn't get nearly as crowded as Market District. I do wish a bulk spice selection was included as part of the expansion, but you can't always get what you want, I suppose.
You're getting an extra star for two solid reasons.    One is because the remodel is over and the store is pretty again (and a bit fancier).  Two, and thee most important part, this iggle has the best quality and well made sushi out of any Iggle's out there!  Believe me, I've eaten many a rainbow roll from many different locations around the Burgh and nothing has compared.  Dare I say, it's as close as you get to going to a good sushi restaurant.  Bold statement, right?   I  just love me some sushi and want it often, quick and convenient and this serves all those purposes with upholding the quality.  Need a quick sushi fix?  This place is it!
oddly enough, of all the giant eagles i have visited in pittsburgh, this is the only location that carries the toothpaste that i've used for most of my life (outside of pittsburgh). the location is clean and the staff are friendly.  i sometimes resent having a market district being the closest giant eagle to my apartment, as many of the items that i buy there are severely overpriced. but whenever i run out of groceries and toothpaste at the same time, i take the hike down to waterfront to shop here, although they may not carry all the groceries that i'd like.
This is a absolutely beautiful Giant Eagle.  I only stopped in to grab a quick bite from the prepared foods section, but I was rather impressed by how clean it was.  It was 9 oclock at night, and they still had a huge section of prepared foods available.  The Starbucks inside was closed, probably due to the fact it was a Sunday night, but that is another plus!
I'm with Rachel C. on this one. You get an extra star for being a pretty Giant Eagle and a Cafe with a very decent beer selection of 6packs and individual bottles. Even though the Giant Eagle in Robinson is better in my opinion you, Waterfront Giant Eagle, are not bad and pretty close to where I live.
I found everything I needed and I liked the expansion, the antipasta bar is on point and they sale Vanilla Coke which made my hubby very happy.   Great store.
Just about every you need.  With great hours, a solid hot bar, sushi (if you're into that),  a dry cleaning service, pharmacy, tons of produce, bakery and butchers counter you can't go wrong. Two things that drive me crazy always needing to use my perks card for self check out and the lack of hand carts in the front. I always have to walk to a lane and hunt for a basket then double back, super annoying.   That said its a small, and easily repairable (hint) issue that shouldn't keep you from visiting.
One of the best grocery stores in the area. Good produce, wide variety of cheeses, good cuts of meat and there's even a six pack shop on the premise.
Years ago I would have given the Big Bird 2 stars. What changed my mind? Competitive pricing.  Thanks, GE for making it worthwhile to shop your sales. While your no Aldi, you definitely are winning on this front.   This is my goto GE. Always clean, organized and great selection. Added beer a couple years ago and the deli, prepared foods are up to par as well.  Always busy and parking never an issue.
I luv store, plenty of cashiers. My father eats there couple times a week. He is a senior citizen and he usually get free coffee because he is a veteran. Last week he was told they no longer doing that program. Today he went to the Edgewood Giant Eagle and they gave him free coffee.
This giant eagle is one of the only things I miss about  old house. The produce section and deli were great. Also had an overall nice selection of everything.
I personally like this giant eagle. I dont think i've given any GE 4 stars, so thats saying something.   I should start by saying that i live in southside, so most GE's are equal or worse than that location.  The waterworks location is decent in my book. They sell beer, they have a cute little cafe sitting area, they sell "meals for 2" in their prepared foods section, produce always seems great, cashiers are friendly ect. The location seems pretty large. I also like how there are 2 entrances (one at pharmacy.) The parking lot is pretty large so it helps having another entrance for cold or rainy days. I am at this location alot more than the southside GE since my gym is in the waterfront. It makes it easier to get everything done in one plaza.  I can't hate on this GE. It seems similar to a market district but i dont believe that it is...... yet.
One comfy seat in the entire place, but they have a cafe, they have good books to look at, and they are open until 11pm.  What more could you want?  Why an APPLE PURSE of course!  And a nice Earl Gray tea thrown in for good measure.  Wow...I love this place.  I am such a nerd...only a nerd would enjoy going to a book store and reading as much as I do.  The extra amenities just make it that much more enjoyable.
Like any Barnes & Noble, it has a nice comfy cafe, and a large selection of books.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They stock a decent selection, and the prices are pretty reasonable.  Obviously it's hard for them to compete with Amazon.  However since all the small shop bookstores are gone, it's nice to walk into one every once in a while.
I love books. I love to look at them, hold them, read the cover, thumb through the pages, and then finally I love to dig into a juicy story. When I'm in the area I love coming in here for a latte and book browsing/reading. Most of the time I cave and buy a book.  This store is clean and their employees are helpful and kind. They have two entrances/exits available, a fairly large section for movies & music, study guides, and other organized sections like self-help and history. I personally love the variety of cook books there. One of the attractive points of this store is a cafe. I can come in, sit down, read a magazine or book and just chill. The downside is the chairs aren't super comfortable (to me) and the cafe is usually packed with people. I wish they had more seating options around the store.  It's a convenient location to come in and kill some time like others have mentioned. There's a lot to find in there so come back and browse!
Fantastic food.  This place is mainly a "bar" and does get crowded but I really like the pizza here.  In fact I've never had a bad meal.  The staff are ussually very helpful but it does get a bit loud inside when crowded.
Don't even think about not getting the pretzel dippers its pretzel sticks with honey mustard, cinnamon butter, and a spicy queso dip. The queso is my favorite but they were all delish. I also got the bruschetta which was very garlicky but delicious. 5-7 M-F is 1/2 off appetizers so I was able to get both the pretzel sticks and bruschetta for 7 bucks as a meal. The menu had a pretty wide range- my friend very much enjoyed a pear and chicken salad. We didn't get drinks but some looked good...
Went here for drinks and nachos and it is a very nice establishment.  The nachos were very good the drinks pricy but t be expected in a setting like this place.  There are fire places outside on the patio a huge bar and even though it doesnt seat many there is a very nice cozy setting upstairs.  Go here to relax or enjoy good food both thumbs up.
I've eaten just once, mostly I go for drinks. Nice, lively place, nice outdoor seating for the summer and fall. Drinks are good, service is good. Location is great as well, right across the movie theater.
love the ambiance and food!!
haha only came here once for happy hour, but i am just pleased with the price. i guess coming from ny, anything would be better price wise. $3 for draft and a big selection of beers so good times. also it's right across the theater so it's a good place to go and chill before the movie starts.. which is exactly what i did haha.
I must say, my experience last night at Bar Louie was wonderful. I was hesitant to go because of the other reviews here, but my husband convinced me to give it a try.  The place is seat yourself and it's LOUD in there. I was a little underwhelmed by that at first but I got used to it and found myself enjoying the energy. Our service was fantastic. Courtney was great - super attentive, brought our drinks out in less than 5 minutes, brought our food quickly, checked on us just enough... And the place was packed. The drinks were perfect, just strong enough. We tried the Peach Lighting and the Tiki drink. I liked the tiki thing better but that's just personal choice. There were real berries mixed into that one. Yum. On to the food... My turkey/ham/Brie sandwich was delicious and my husband loved his burger. The highlight of the meal though was the Whiskey cake. Sonnet-worthy. We'll definitely go back again.
Man, haters gonna hate.  Listen, y'all, Bar Louie isn't fancy.  It's just not and their extensive martini list won't fool me.  However, the food is good ole American bar grub and their beer selection is decent.  The staff has been nothing but nice even when my wannabe rowdy group of friends spent many a summer day sitting a table for four hours drinking dollar beers.  As long as Bar Louie still keeps having $1 Burger Days (Tuesdays) and $1 Beer Days (Wednesdays), I will continue to be a fan.  FYI, It's a fanatically cheap movie & dinner/drinks weekday date spot.
I rather like Bar Louie for my outdoor dining experience after biking the rail trail or before a movie.  Been there twice now for both of before-mentioned occasions and both times had their appetizers.  Note that if you can catch them during their happy hour from 5 to 7pm on weeknights, your pocket book will thank you.  The two of us diners selected three appetizers to share the first visit and two on the second visit and were quite satisfied with presentation, quantity, and quality.  I would highly recommend the Bruschetta Pomodoro and the calamari (breaded just right and not overdone).
It's what I expected. Cooler then a Fridays and the food was about the same. It was clean and out waiter was really cool. It was so slow he even took a seat with us and chatted but in a good way and we welcomed him to do so. I had the bar Louie burger for my meal and it was good. Nothing outstanding but again what I expected. My group ordered the avocado fries and meatball appetizers. The avocado fries were good but we had to add salt. The meat balls with the small slices of garlic bread was fun to share and yummy.  We went on a slow Sunday night. It was clean and the food came out on time. Again I rate a places on what I expect it to be and what it try's to be not what I think it should be. So just a different kind of Fridays. Also great music playlist.
My boyfriend and I dined at Bar Louie at the Waterfront about a month ago; it was my first time eating there and I was pretty impressed!  We got loaded nachos as an appetizer and all the toppings were as fresh as they come, not to mention delicious!  I ordered pasta (I cannot remember the name) but I asked for no artichokes in it. It turned out the artichokes were pre-mixed in the recipe, but the waitress came and informed us that the chef was whipping up a special batch just for me! I was extremely grateful and impressed.  Everything was delicious, the decor was industrial chic (which I love) and the atmosphere was buzzing and fun. The menu was a tad exotic for my small-town pallet, but it was great. My only complaint was the fact that you had to seat yourself, because we wandered around the crowded restaurant for about 10 minutes before we found a seat. The food and service certainly made up for it though!
Dollar beers on Wednesday Night and Loaded Tater Tots, pretty much two solid reasons to visit.  Matter of fact, they have some sort of special every night of the week wether it be food or drinks or both!  Located across from the movie theater this is a good place to go before or after a flick with your hot date.  I say skip over priced Burgatory and come here on Tuesday for dollar burgers.  Just as good and half the bill.
Was there for Saturday dinner at 6pm and still had some seats opened.  We sat down right away.  You sat yourself and menu was at the table.   Very casual place, yet family place.   A little noisy so not for date nights.  A little bit sports bar like but not like Champs.  Food was great.  Had boneless chicken nuggets (el fuego).  Side salad was very good.  I had verde chicken pasta and my husband had cod skewers with shrimp fried rice - I had some and it was delicious.  Clean bathroom- very important.
Great place for late dinner after work. Kitchen stays open late. Real good food. Full bar and real good service. Great location.
I love Bar Louie's happy hour. $5 martini and half priced delicious veggie flatbread? Sign me up!  They also have a few other apps that  are part of the happy hour, but the flatbread is the one I usually get.   The melon martini is my current favorite, but most that I've tried have been good.  I don't recommend the shrimp appetizer. And I'm not sure about some of the other food, but happy hour is 5/5 stars. The rest of the time, Bar Louie is probably a 3 star place.   So, if you're in the waterfront and are thinking of Bar Louie, go for the happy hour!
I enjoyed this place. I have avoided this location for so long. I gave it a shot tonight because of a work get together. Our servers name was Sarah and she was great! She was attentive and on her game. I had the 'Diva' martini, which was very sweet and fruity. The bruschetta was good as well (however not traditional), served with a mix of tomato, onion, lettuce. The soft  pretzel sticks were your typical pretzel stick, however good, and served with three dipping sauces, honey mustard, a cheese dip, and a brown sugar/butter dip. The chips and salsa were served with three salsas, guac, regular salsa with a kick, and the cheese dip. The bar is clean. The food is trustworthy and not half bad, it is noisy, but that's is to be expected. It is a great place to watch a game, hang with friends and let go of work. The location is prime as well. Overall, a very pleasant surprise.
A nice little quiet restaurant to come in for lunch. I'm a little biased since in college my friends and I would come here for dollar burger night every Tuesday and that was the highlight of my shitty week. But I still recommend this place, always a fun time.
What a delightful experience for this chain establishment.  We were in search of a place to dine outside on this perfect summer Friday evening. The sign said seat yourself and on 1st pass the only tables available were hightops built more fir standing with your adult beverages. This wasn't on this gals preferred list. We attempted the joint next door but waiting 90 min was an even I don't think so.... Back at  Bar Louie we went and scored a recently vacated table.  Maria our awesome waitress greeted us kindly but have us some bad news... They were training new kitchen staff and it was taking a bit longer than usual for orders to come out.. But she assured us once they did they were as yummy and up to Bar Louie standards people have come to expect.  Okay... Kudos, for letting us know in advance.  We ordered drinks and the food came out quicker than expected.  I ordered the  Chop Chop salad and added shrimp to mine... Was done perfectly and the slice of garlic toast was a welcome addition.  My husband  opted for the savory Mac n cheese pork sandwich....my taste bite was scrumptious and lived up to maria's hype.  Great food... Superb service... Great to see a chat in restaurant can still offer patrons something to come back for!
Food was good. Waitress was Kayla and she was excellent. It was busy but she handled it and gave our table undivided attention. Thanks Kayla.
I'm not into waterparks as much as I am into amusement parks.  I go to Sandcastle maybe once a year.  But my Chicago friend Catherine came in to visit for the weekend and after a day at the zoo, we donned our swimsuits and came here.  The main part of the park is closed in the evenings, but the Sandbar and the Sandbar Pool and the Hot Tub remain open for the 21 and over set.  The Sandbar has a great menu of food and drinks and has a $6.00 cover charge to get in.  Occasionally there's live entertainment.  It's hard to believe that before they built this place, it was the site of an abandoned steel mill.  Actually, it was the railroad yard for the nearby Homestead Works.  But after site-clearing and clean-up, they turned it into a beautiful place to spend a warm day or nice evening.  The view across the Mon is quite beautiful with a wooded hillside on the other side.  There's even a boat dock, so you can arrive by river if you desire.  I'm glad I renewed my acquaintance with this place and hopefully, I'll get another chance to come back.
How many times do you get to fall at 70mph, wearing only shorts? Sandcastle can make it happen.  If you're going, it's best to stop by Giant Eagle and grab you some discount tickets from the customer service desk.  $25 is still a bit much in my opinion, but it's better than spending the full $30.99.  There isn't much I can think of that's in Sandcastle that isn't a great time, except maybe walking around and scorching your feet on the boardwalk.  I personally am a huge fan of some of the faster tube slides, and of course the massive speed slide.  If you're looking for a more relaxed ride, check out the Lazy River, or screw around in the big pool.  There's also a pretty nice wave pool there for your amusement.  There's also plenty of stuff for kids to do... But I don't have kids, so I don't know how all that is.  They do close at 7PM, which is a bit early, so be warned: you definitely want to show up earlier in the day.  BUT it's definitely a good idea to close the park if you can: right toward the end, the lines disappear, and you can ride over and over.  Win!
So the last time I went to a water park was probably when I was in elementary school and didn't really know how to swim (... I still kinda don't. lol). Anyway, it was in California at Raging Rivers and it was a traumatizing experience. Screaming & being tossed around in the pool that pushes periodic waves at the sound of a loud horn and ending up with scraped knees and feet. Not fun.  So to say the least, I was a bit nervous coming to this water park afraid to have another episode of feeling I was being drowned. Luckily that did not happen.  I seriously had SO MUCH fun here! I honestly was only expecting to go on the Lazy River pool all day but with my bf, we hit up so many rides... tandem AND single rides! I feel like such a big girl now! Definitely lean back while you're on those single donuts on the water rides, or else you feel like you're going to flip over while swishing down the tubes. The new dragon ride they just opened up was okay. I was expecting it to be so much more fun, but literally you just slide down a dark tube into a circular room where you just slowly swirl your way down the middle hole and that was it.   There was this one ride where you slide down the tubes for a few seconds, then you land into a pool where a worker pushes you into another tube and this continues about 3 times. It was weird. Kinda awkward with the worker having to grab you and push you through. Although it was still fun. The last dude threw me in backwards! Scared the crap out of me but it was fun :)  The food here is surprisingly pretty affordable. Plus, who wants to eat a huge meal while in your swim suit. Me don't want no pot belly.   Overall I had such a fun time here. It definitely made me rethink my fear of water parks. By the way, we went on a Saturday in early June and it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be! So the lines weren't long at all. Also, go to Giant Eagle to purchase your discounted tickets. You save a few bucks versus buying them at the water park. Oh and don't forget to bring sandals while walking around. Your feet will literally feel like they're burning from the ground. Now go off and have some fun! :)
Now here's a place that knows what it is. A place to ride a few slides, relax on the lazy river, and watch the hilarious pittsburghers walk around with Jesus tattoos and many children.   Come for the slides, stay for the people watching.
My husband and I are season pass holders and try to make it out to the park once a week. I've been coming here for about 7 years now and not much has changed. Most of the time we just hang out at the wave pool or relax on the lazy river. The food is good but I wish they offered some healthier options. They have a salad but that's about it. I'm not a major crazy health nut but something non-fried would be nice. If your not too worried about the calories their food is delicious, a bit overpriced, but your at an amusement park so what do you expect.   This year they have also been slacking on cleanliness. I've had to use the bathrooms a lot since I'm expecting and I wish they would send someone in more often throughout the day.   One other reviewer mentioned an adult area. Sadly they don't have this, but I think it would be great!!!  I usually visit on the weekend since I work weekdays and having children bump into you and splash you everywhere you go isn't very relaxing.   The staff is great. I have never seen a more attentive group of people. They are always on alert and I have no worries about the safety of the children in my family visiting with me when they can. I also plan on being my new baby next year and I have no fears about his well-being.   Here are a few tips if you want to save $$$. Pack your lunch. See park rules on cooler sizes and don't pack any glass. On weekends/holidays get there when they open if you want good seats or a seat in the shade. If you plan on going more then twice buy a season pass, it will save you time and money. If you ever plan on bringing guests get a VIP pass for buddy tickets, parking pass and a souvenir cup. Souvenir cups are good if you like to drink something other then water they save you a ton on refills and you can use them all season long. Bring flip flops. The pavement gets scalding hot. I burnt the bottom of my feet the first time I was there this year. If you plan on coming late a lot bring your own folding lounge chair. After the opening rush on busy days they are all gone in the first hour. If you plan on having a group of 5 or more renting a cabana is really worth it, especially if you have older kids. It gives them a place to always find you. And finally buy your tickets ahead of time. It's always more expensive at the gate then online or at a local retailer. You can even buy your tickets online while standing I front of the gate. They can scan your ticket off your smart phone.   Note to other guests... Please watch your children and don't rely on the lifeguards to babysit them. They are your responsibility. The lifeguards are there to keep them safe and alive but not respectful. Also please be courteous to others and only put your towels on chairs your using. I was late arriving last weekend (got there at noon) and sat next to 2 perfectly good lounge chairs with towels on them while I sat on the grass. For 6 hours I never noticed 1 person use them.   I hope this helps!!
Haven't been to TGIFridays for years and was never really a huge fan. I get tired of going to the same places all the time for lunch so we decided to try it out. I must say that I was very impressed with how extensive the menu was and all of the delicious options. I had the two for $10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips. I was told that the broccoli soup is very thick so I opted for the French onion. It was okay but I think that I would get a salad instead of the soup next time. The chicken strips were wonderful and I am still craving them. The portion was huge and there were leftovers. My co-workers ordered the Jack Daniels Sampler and burgers and were jealous at the portion and choices from the pick two. The service was good and we had no issues. I will definitely be back.
Dining outdoors after a bike ride on the rail trail.  Just the right venue for that.  Jack Daniels ribs and shrimp.  The ribs were divine.  The shrimp not quite there -- I'd say they were overdone.    Our server, Ed, was very attentive.  I asked for celery in my bloody mary.  Not only did it come with a celery stalk in it, he brought over more celery.  Yummmm....
Good food.    I guess one reason I like this place is they don't hide how bad the food is for you. There is a little Kiosk with all the calories right by the door.  All in all I get the flat bread pizzas and really enjoy them  The steaks are also good and the price is reasonable.  Service is always friendly and the establishment is kept really clean and neat
I didn't know what to expect when I walked in, but I am now a fan. There is a cool way to review the menu on a touch kiosk to find out the calorie count.   The place looked nice. It was clean and really cool looking. The food was really good and our waiter was nice and friendly. I will be going back to try their pizza and other food.   We had a burger, which was really good, and we had the lobster slider. French fries were good to.
My girlfriends made reservations here for my bachelorette party last Saturday. I highly suggest that you make reservations because we were able to just walk right in and sit down. There were people there waiting 30 minutes+. We had the sangria which was amazing. Our sever Alex recommend it and it was perfect for the 4 of us.  I had their thin crust pepperoni pizza which really hit the spot. My two friend had salads which they said were amazing and my other friend joined me in ordering a pesto chicken pizza. Let's just say there wasn't any food left on the table when we were finished.  I will be back for sure.
Unos has been around for ever, & I feel like this restaurant chain peak in popularity in the 80's. Honestly the decor inside still kind of looks 80s to me even though its nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.  If you haven't died and he recently I ordered you to come back and have a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good!  They have the best chicken salad wrap ever! I love that rap so much I want agreed to walk the south side River Trail from where the Steelers practice all the way to the damn waterfront just because I knew that I could convince my boyfriend to go to Unos with me for lunch.  Full disclosure:  I made him call is a cab and we took a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.  Listen... The food and pizza and service are very good, surprisingly so! I don't know why this place is not busier but next time you're down at the Waterfront please do consider dining here!
All in favor of a deep dish pizza say I!.......IIIIIII,  ok now that i have that out of my system. This place is such a great hangout/eat-in spot. I hadn't been here and years and some friends invited us out for the evening. I was so glad they were paying cause  I was low on funds at the time.  We arrived on a friday night and of course it was busy there. We waited about 10 minutes to get a table which wasn't bad considering the crowd. We looked over the menu and they have so many great choices. Pizza, pasta, appetizers, seafood, burgers, salads and sandwiches.   After ordering two mango lemonades that were wayyyyy over sweetened we ordered our food. We both are going gluten free which is tough but UNO's gave us a nice selection of dishes to choose from. Plus! They make a thin crust gluten free pizza which taste great. My hubby ordered the mediterrean thin crust because he loves kalamata olives and I ordered the Guac-alicious burger with a Caesar side salad. My salad came out pretty quick which was nice but it had a little too much dressing on it. I didn't complain, it still tasted great.  I'm not into red meat so I tried to order a black bean burger or get chicken instead of beef, but the ran out of black bean and they couldn't get the chicken so i just ordered it anyway. The burger was piled really high with all the toppings including guacamole and it was very creamy but i couldn't get over the taste of the burger because it just didn't have any flavor. Very saddening. I ended up just eating the veggies and discarding the meat. I snacked on some of my hubbies pizza even though it was only a small amount.   We came here twice in one week. The second time we ordered the 9-grain deep dish with mushrooms, parmesan and a garlic white sauce. Was this pizza amazing or what?? I will probably always eat this pizza whenever I come.   Only down side is slow service. It took 20 minutes for our pizza to come out and my hubbies was a little over cooked. He got the numero uno which was ok but mine had way more flavor!!
Wham! 4 stars outta the park! The deep-dish pizza we had was amazing. I wasn't crazy about the avocado egg rolls, but the chocolate chip sundae was superb. Great service too from Maranda, a doll. Decor is cute. Ambience is lively. Recommended.
I had the deep dish pizza and it was very good!  The individual size was smaller Than I expected for $12 but I wasn't starving so it was very filling.  Our waitress April was very nice and attentive for how busy it was.  We had about a 30 minute wait but it was worth it!  I can't wait to try it again!
My kids who are 3 and 5 ordered the make your own pizza. I initially had some reservations but it was actually fun for them and tasted pretty good too. I'd suggest it for anyone looking to do something sorts cool with their kids for dinner.
Nice place to grab a bite and a beer. Service is quick, friendly and accurate. They've got a respectable selection of craft beers and the atmosphere is very clean and comfortable. Good view of the TV from any angle in the bar area (watching a Bucco's game at the moment) and the bar itself is full service. The Baked Stuffed Spinoccoli chicken that I had was delicious. I have no idea why I don't come here more often... I should!
Love the honey crisp chicken salad. It's my go-to dish here.  I actually crave it.  Nuff said. You can feel free to order pizza. I'll stick with my salad.
Good food good service. Went today around 5 pm and had a female waitress and a trainee and both were excellent and attentive. The tablets on the table are entertaining and fun. Its a bit pricey for us but nice once in a while.
Strawberry Walnut salad was excellent - tender chicken, fresh strawberries and mixed greens, and perfectly sweet candied walnuts with feta cheese sprinkled throughout! The roasted eggplant, spinach, and feta flatbread also tasted fresh, which surprised me considering the short wait of 5 minutes or so. The entire dish was layered with thick slices of tomato, and I liked actually being able to taste the eggplant. The pesto sauce was prominent without overpowering the other elements of the dish. Well worth the $12 Pick and Choose price IMO. I did find a curly, black, and fine strand of hair at the side of the salad plate, so a small star off for that.  I had a coupon for a free dessert,  so I asked for the mini chocolate peanut butter cup. It was good but not memorable. I liked that there were mini chocolate chip with the peanut butter though. I'm not sure if the outer chocolate was intended to be rock hard or if the cold ice cream on it had simply hardened it, but it was extremely difficult to cut through with a mere spoon. For a free dessert, it satisfied me though.   The server, Christy B, was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal as well!
It's basically the only Chicago style pizza in the Burgh. Not having had authentic Chicago style pizza, I don't know how this chain's pizza compares. However, the pizza is decent. The crust is thick and buttery and the toppings are abundant. However, don't be fooled, they serve up much more than pizza and sometimes, it's nice to have that variety when you're coming with a large party and when not everyone wants pizza.   I like the versatility here with the varied menu. Sometimes, I don't even come here for the pizza. While the pizza is definitely the star of the show, their steak is also pretty tasty as are the sandwiches.   The food is enjoyable but the main reason why this is a go-to for me and my friends is because the service is usually very quick here. There rarely is a wait and the wait staff get us in and out right in time to make it to a movie. With food being rather consistent, it's hard to go anywhere else and chance the long wait times.
Service is always great at Bath & Body. You know you're going into a scent filled area.  I can spend a mint in here.   Service at this location in particular has always been great. Even on the busiest of Black Fridays. I'm guessing good management and good training.   B&B always asks for an email address, by I no longer get email coupons. ?? Like for years. I get them in the USPS, but why ask for email address then?  Update*** I asked about the email coupons to the sales associate. She instructed me to call the number on the receipt to let them know I'm not receiving. She also gave me a 20% off coupon because mine I found online was only for online purchases. Much appreciated!
Stopped in after leaving a friends house and avoiding going home to do laundry. I love BBW & especially the holiday collection. The employee was very friendly. She gave me her opinions on her favorites and told me about the Buy 3, Get 3 Free holiday sale they had going on. She sang and hummed the holiday music being played while i enjoyed browsing and checking out the items. Love BBW!
I usually have good luck at this store, and, aside from Goodwill, it's where I get my work slacks and jeans. I find there's a good classic to trendy clothing ratio here, so I can get a great white button up shirt or basic tees, and peruse the more trendy-ish items. There's always a great sale, and the salespeople are friendly. It's a good bargain to get the Ann Taylor credit card (and pay it off every month) because you'll get lots of great coupons for in-store and online shopping.
Within the last six months, Loft has become my go-to store for tops. My daily commute takes me by the Waterfront every day, so it's easy to pop into this location and check out their newest inventory. Loft does a great job of turning inventory quickly. Every couple weeks, the store has new product with a full clearance section. I'm also signed up for the brand's emails so I know when promotions are going on. They offer 30-40% off the store every month or so (generally around major holidays) and also offer 40-50% off clearance pretty frequently.  I enjoy the layout and store appearance much better than Ross Park and Robinson. Ross Park's store is very bland, and Robinson is currently in a temporary store. Shopping in an environment with bright fluorescent lights and boring white walls is just terrible, so I enjoy the Waterfront's pretty street-side location best.  The employees at this location are just OK. Sometimes I am cheerfully greeted at the front door but am generally ignored the entire time that I am shopping. I recently had a very attentive sales associate who opened a fitting room for me when my arms were becoming full, but I thought that I noticed someone with a District Manager vibe lurking around, which probably encouraged the associate's motivation.   I actually had a very negative experience at this store during a recent sales event. The event ended at 7pm on a weekday, and I rushed to the store after getting off work. I hurried around the store and jumped into line at 7:02pm. All associates abandoned the registers at 7pm, totally ignoring me and the other two girls waiting in line. When I was finally helped several minutes later, the snippy associate told me that the discount may or may not go through... that corporate determined when the discount was turned off. OK, that's great, but then why did you totally ignore me and your other customers for several minutes? Did you want us to not get the discount? I was appalled by the rudeness of both the associate and a manager I spoke with earlier in the evening, who was equally rude about the sharp end time of the discount. What made the situation much worse is that a good friend of mine was a manager at Loft a couple years ago and told me that ringing up after 7pm would not be a problem. Hah, well it was a problem at the Waterfront location!  The only reason that I gave Loft 4 stars is because I love the brand, discounts, and quality of product as a whole. The staff at this location is sub-par and do not reflect the brand well. I hope that Loft does not lose customers based on negative customer service experiences.... They're lucky that I like the product enough to ignore some occasional rudeness.
When I lived in Los Angeles a year and a half ago, P F Chang's was no great shakes, one of millions of places with good but not outstanding stuff on the menu.  Here in Pittsburgh, it's the only Chinese place I've found that combines genuinely good service with quality food.  Not, perhaps, as good as what you can get in LA's top places, but fantastic compared to its competition here.  The Kung Pao chicken is particularly good, with delicious fried chicken cubes and the usual hot sauce and chiles.  Chicken with lettuce wraps is good too.  Their fried noodle dish with chicken, whose name I have forgotten, is addictive but has an odd sauce I don't quite like.  Still, they get the friedness of the noodles right, and there are precious few ... ahem ... no other restaurants around here that do.  Portions are small, so either plan to get an appetizer and an entree or expect to leave almost as hungry as you came.  The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.  If you live in LA, forget P F Chang's.  If you live in NYC, I'm sure there are a dozen better places on a single block.  But here in Pittsburgh, it's just about the best place around.
I like PF Changs.  I think I've only been here a total of three times (twice it was take out), and I only get vegetarian dishes, but what I've had has been pretty tasty.  I would definitely eat here again.
I am writing this from the standpoint of someone who can't eat real Chinese food because of gluten issues. That said, I am loving me some gluten-free Chinese food here! If the gf issue didn't exist, though, why bother when you can get real, honest, non-chain GREAT Chinese so many wonderful places in the Burgh?!  But average Chinese is better than NO Chinese if gluten is an issue so thank you Mr. Chang!
Pretty Good Stuff!  PROS: Nice bar area Cool ambiance nice dishes with good flavors  CONS: Pricey for "just chinese food" typically a rather long wait, especially on weekends. Very difficult to even get noticed by the bartenders once its busy at the bar area.  Suggestions: Lettuce Wraps (just get this as you meal!  LOL) Fat Cat Martini (OMG, YUMMMMM!) Pot Stickers
Our go to place at the waterfront.   We usually order the crispy green beans as an app., they are always fried just right and never really greasy. As an entree I always get coconut curry tofu, the veggies are bright and crisp (no open pea pods or limp broccoli!) And the tofu is simply delightful.   Always consistent. Never disappointing
My vegan friend, Deb, turned me onto the fact that one can dine at PF Chang's and stay on a vegan diet.  Vegan friend Deb (VFD) asked the waitress if they could prepare a version of the famous chicken and lettuce wraps. The waitress without hesitation proclaimed they always had a vegan version, but it was never put on the menu. Warning: even though it's vegan, it still contains the same amount of salt that was reported on all the news channels when the salt, fat, and cholesterol police made the sodium content available to the public. The vegan version is just as delicious and the chicken.  They also have vegan dishes like string beans and garlic, eggplant and garlic, and a few dishes with tofu and vegetables.  I always loved the fact PF Chang's offered brown rice. That nutty flavor goes so well with their meals.  The service staff at Chang's is always top shelf, I've never had a bad time here and love when we go.
We visitied PF Changs on Sunday with a large group of 20 people.  Although they had to split the tables - everything was delicious!  We enjoyed everything from the spring rolls and chicken lettuce wraps...to the mooshu that they made special vegetarian for one of the guests...to the fried banana dessert!  if you are with a group, and you want dessert - get the fried bananas!  They come wrapped in a spring roll wrapper and with coconut/pineapple ice cream.  Overall, we had a great time and would come back here again.
So I have never been to P.F. Chang's before since I'm Chinese and I'm not a huge fan of eating at Chinese/American restaurants when I can eat delicious authentic Chinese food at home (courtesy of my momma). My boyfriend and I were at Dave & Busters and weren't in the mood for American food, which was what we were all surrounded by so I decided to give P.F. Chang's a try.   We came on a Saturday night without reservations, so we had to wait 45min :( Luckily time went by fast while I was on my phone looking at the Yelp reviews for this place. When we were seated, we ordered immediately and our server was very friendly. We got the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer and then the Dan Dan noodles and Shanghai shrimp with garlic sauce. The food came out quick which was a huge plus considering how busy they were. The calamari was okay. I felt like the strips were cut too thin and we should have received more. The Dan Dan noodles were actually very delicious and flavorful. I really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them. The shrimp was cooked well and was also good. Overall I was happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if I'm ever in the mood for Chinese/American food.
My daughter & I enjoy  PF Chang's each time we dine there together. I am in Love with the Chicken Lettuce Wraps delicious! It is always a wonderful experience!
I've always liked PF Chang's and, generally speaking, this location is pretty good. I typically opt to sit at the bar, where the service has always been extremely personable and fast.  The food is typical PF Chang's: delicious. As one of the chains that provides their nutritional information, it's also nice to know that I can go there and eat somewhat healthy (I'm all about the orange peel shrimp and steamed shrimp dumplings). While some complain about the portion sizes being too small, I've always felt like they were perfect. I do understand how someone looking at a $15 plate of "Chinese" food could wonder why he or she is paying more for less than your standard Chinese restaurant, but it's never bothered me. Most of the meals are consistently good, freshly prepared, and full of flavor. Plus, the sauce that your waiter/waitress makes for you is always a nice addition to any meal. I've tried most of the apps, soups, and quite a few of their entrées and have never been disappointed.  I've only had one negative experience at this location in the countless times that I've gone, and it revolved around service in the main dining area. I was there for lunch, and the waitress essentially disappeared. I'm not sure if she had been fired, quit, or what, but she took the order and was never seen again. After sitting there for what seemed like an eternity with empty drinks, etc., I finally had to ask if someone else was going to be our server. I had never experienced something like that, but I received free food vouchers for a future visit, and luckily I wasn't in a rush that day, so it worked out. The experience would've made me give the location a worse rating, but one bad experience hasn't outweighed the countless positives: good meals, solid service (especially at the bar), and great takeout service for large orders and smaller ones.  The only other knock on this location - and it applies to every PF Chang's I've been to - is the insane wait that you'll encounter at dinner time. My wife and I would actually go there more often if we didn't have to wait forever for a table. I love PF Chang's, but I hate waiting more. If you live close enough, get curbside pick-up, or just find somewhere else. I've yet to meet a restaurant worth a 2-hour wait. PF Chang's, included.
used to wait hours for food here a few years ago  second visit in 6 months -  kung pao shrimp was very salty  very good service  great wall cake still very good - kids will not leave without having it
singapore street noodles.  The end
The service started out slow, but they eventually picked up the pace. We ordered the chicken/lettuce wrap appetizer, and we enjoyed it. For the entres, we had the fried rice and mongolian beef, both of which were delightful. I would not mind going back to explore their menu.
Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef.  Bar service was fast and Efficent.   Good value.  Not a 5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat.   Fortune was even Postive!
I usually have fair experiences with this PF Changs. I've been inside the restaurant, and have used the curbside to go service. I finally decided to review this based on my most recent experience.  I can't remember her name, but whomever worked curbside to go on Oct 30, 2013 around 6:30PM deserves a mention. She was very nice, and provided us with the exact amount of condiments we listed on the online order form. They're usually stingy with the chili and hot mustard sauces! She also gave us a couple other sauces to try (not sure which ones), but these were very good.   The food here is always in point. I like to get the edamame, sesame chicken with brown rice, and the flour less chocolate dome!   I'm reducing a star because of past experiences with service.
Really awesome food and amazing customer service. I really enjoyed my experience here if I am back in the area I will be certain to come back to this location.
First, this is a big chain - not my favorite type of eatery.  For me, four stars is max for this type of establishment for the simple reason that no one has license to create anything truly unique...  However!  The Chilean Sea Bass Marinated in Oolong Tea is freakin' fantastic!  10+  Now - everyone was happy with their meals and let me tell you it was a ridiculously busy night, servers were threading their way through patrons waiting to be seated and our service was very good.  I've been to PFC Vegas and PFC NYC - our Homestead PFC definitely beats them both.  So many great little places to try in the 'Burgh, but I wouldn't resist going back to this particular PFC.
The wait was a little long, but once we got seated the service was very good. There was always a cold beer in my hand and the food was to die for.
We had another opportunity to eat here today and the experience was much improved. There was no crowd to fight and we weren't seated near the door as we were last time. As I expected, getting a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for a much nicer dining experience. Our service was good and they accommodated our 1 year old nicely. I appreciate that they serve steamed veggies on the kids menu.   I still left with the impression that the serving sizes were small in comparison to most other places, but we were satisfied and happy.
Went here for lunch yesterday with a friend and it was so yummy! Started out with chicken lettuce wraps and it was totally hitting the hungry spot! Lol. Tried chicken lettuce wrap at my places but this place is one of my fave. Their wonton shop is also full of chicken chunks and shrimps as well... which is different bc you don't normally get all that in a wonton soup bowl.  By the time we ate the lettuce wraps and our soups, we were almost full. LOVE the way their Mongolian beef is made here and my friend had the crispy honey shrimp and it was so yummy as well. Definitely will be back because this place is clean, service is quick, food is delicious, and the price isn't so bad either.
This is the fourth Changs I've eat ate. It was pretty good. The food was kinda like it had been previously frozen. Had a strange texture. Some of the changs chicken pieces was stuck together and the breading on the sweet and sour chicken was mushy and falling off the chicken. Overall still pretty good. Would eat at this one again.
Excellent beef with pepper and onions. Waiter made a good wine choice. Fastest food delivery, less than 5 minutes, honest. Both meals less than $30, in and out in 45 minutes.
Meal was about what I expected. Service was good, not exceptional but good. They are trying a new menu with tacos for breast cancer awareness.  A nice thought but they should stay in their wheelhouse which is Asian. Obviously stick with what you know...
If I had to pick my very favorite chain restaurant, it would be PF Chang's.  I'm aware that it's not authentic, but that doesn't mean it's not delicious.  We stopped by after some shopping in the area on a snowy Friday, and were able to get a table pretty quickly.  The hostess and server were both friendly.  My husband enjoyed a glass of sake, and I had a mai tai that turned out to be delicious.  We split an order of lettuce wraps as an appetizer; they don't custom-make your sauce any more which is disappointing, but they did happily provide us with chili paste and hot mustard to doctor it up ourselves.  His Chang's Spicy Chicken (extra spicy) turned out great, and provided the extra requested heat.  My Orange Peel Shrimp were as good as I'd remembered-- perhaps better because they have some fresh orange slices included as well.  We also ordered a Great Wall of  Chocolate.  If you like  chocolate cake at all, you'll love this one.  PF Chang's consistently provides good Chinese in a trendy (but still casual) atmosphere at a decent price, and I'm always a fan.
Food was good. Service was super fast. We had to wait about 20 minutes even at 8:30 a night. Super packed on the weekend. Drinks are on the higher range.
I live close by so I go here frequently pretty much for the free WIFI and espresso. But here's a secret - they don't seem to know what an Americano is so often I am charged like 75 cents for a double shot of espresso to which they add hot water upon my request. Needless to say coffee is not expensive here as you can fill up as many times as needed without being hassled. Although there regular coffee is undrinkable to my taste. Pastries are baked fresh and are plentiful. There is other foods to choose from ie whole grain bagels are edible and about a buck with no extra charge for butta. Outside seating and people watching is always a good distraction plus there are all kinds of people who frequent this Panera from the very very old and decrepit to the fashionistas taking a break from Victoria Secrets, Ulta, Wet Seal and the other various shops at this water front location.
I Love all Panera, equally! I am def a fan of this easy, better than fast food, time-killing eatery.  Great place for a lunch social/date with good eats and a good place to sit and talk for a while or to get some work done between appointments.  PROS: Great Food; Free WiFi (though some locations are limited to 30 minutes during the lunch hour); Seating is always tricky at the lunch hour.  CONS: pricey for salads, soup and sandwiches; tables should be wiped more frequently--even if you have to ask a newly seated guest if they would like it wiped, the tables should be wiped!  For Pete's sake, give a fork with the Mac and Cheese, not a SPOON!  lol
I really enjoy Panera, and this restaurant meets my expectations. I particularly love the Asiago Cheese Bagel, Caesar Salad, Bacon Turkey Bravo Sandwich, Tuna Salad Sandwich, Smokehouse Turkey Panini, Broccoli Cheddar Soup, and Iced Chai Tea Latte. I've ordered all of these items at this location, and they have been very tasty.  I have had this location run out of the side of French Baguette once or twice. However, last time that occurred, I asked for a bread bowl as a replacement, which I was given for free.  I'll definitely be returning soon!
It's the same Panera food you've had before.  I like the other ones better as they are often  faster at preparing food than this one.  That said the food is fine and the staff is nice enough.  They have warm cookies for $2.00.  That is a nice feature.
This use to be my go to Panera Bread.  When I worked in the area I would stop here before work to grab my breakfast and then stop to get my lunch as well.  I was happy when I left the area and moved on to bigger and better things.  My waist also appreciated it.  Those scones are delicious.  I recently stopped back here when I was shopping and was pleasantly surprised.  With all my new allergies I came in here hoping to get some bread.  Not knowing, nor doing my homework before I showed up, I asked the manager if one particular bread had corn syrup in it or not.  Not knowing the answer herself, she was kind enough to pull out a binder that contained all of their recipes, ingredients included.  After looking through it for a few minutes I was able to select the bread I wanted.  They will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now.  If you would rather slice yourself, I am sure they will wrap it up and you can go on your way.  Yes, it's true, it may be a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf.  But it is much better tasting.
It was my first time here.  Was recommended by my coworker.  However, I was a little unsure as I've read some bad reviews about this place.  The first visit was great.  The receptionists were helpful and gave me guidance on how to get my dog licensed.  Everyone seemed happy and talkative.    Dr. Bezak was very nice.  He had a smile on him the entire time I was there.  He was very quick to give me information about anything and everything relating to the dog.  Overall, I had a good first visit and definitely going back.  The only thing that made it didn't earn a five-star is that my appointment is at 12:15pm.  The entire office have their lunch at 1pm.  So I can tell there was alot of hustle to get me out of their asap.  I don't mind that it was a quick visit, but I would have liked to had time to ask more questions.  If you want adequate time with the doc, consider making your appointment after their lunch.
As not only pet-owners, but as dog breeders let me say - we love this place!  We've heard some bad things from several acquaintances and counldn't believe our ears...Dr. Bezak is great and the staff is really friendly and helpful.
What can I say, I'm a shill for Target!  Like another reviewer says, you have to watch the impulse buying here because it is so easy to do!  But as for the name brands here, I've never had a problem with them.  I bought some Woolrich blankets and sheets here that my husband and I have been very satisfied with.  The housewares section here is positively unbeatable.  My husband Rick is an amateur chef and he could blow his paycheck on the kitchen utensils.  He particularly likes the Michael Graves ones.  He is also an amateur photographer and he still works with film, so he likes the film development here.  Me, I also like buying household cleaners and personal items such as soaps, toothpaste, deoderant, etc because the selection is so good.  I've also purchased a lot of my casual wear here.
Oh Target!  You are big corporate America!  But how can I not love you so?  Your prices are the best whenever I need household goods like detergents, cleaners, etc.  For personal effects such as toiletries, soap, etc, you can't be beat!  Your cookware and bakeware department is every bit as good as Macy's!  And I see you have the retro tees too.  You know:  Yes http://www.dovenetq.net.au/~mahayes/Graphics/YesLogoFullCircle1.jpg Boston http://www.vinylrecords.ch/B/BO/Boston/Boston/boston-63.jpg Led Zeppelin http://henrikfalck.com/blog/uploaded_images/LedZeppelinLedZeppelinalbumcover-716782.jpg  We know what "retro tee" means:  faux aged, catering to boomers and teens, and costing way more than they origianlly did.  Oh and made in China of course!
After working for the rival of Target for years, Target has become my favorite mega chain store to shop at.  Although it does not seem to have every single item as other stores I'm still able to get in and get out in a hurry.    Depending on the time of day, it may be a task just to find a parking space due to the traffic light at the end of the road.  If you don't mind walking a bit, the aisle where the pharmacy sign is on the building usually has spots closer to the front of the store.  The only downside I can find for this location is the smell of overly burnt buttered popcorn as soon as you walk in due to the cafe location.  I prefer not to vomit as soon as I walk into a store, maybe after about ten minutes in I'd consider it.
This is a really great pharmacy - friendly, quick, knowledgeable, and inexpensive.
Target is pretty standard. If you've been to one of them, you'll know largely what to expect from this one. That being said, this store is clean, and the deals one clearance can be good. Just make sure to check the circular and the website, as sometimes additional coupons can be found that the store personnel aren't aware of.   The electronics department staff are not very knowledgeable, and tried to pressure me into buying a different TV by repeating marketing lingo, but were unable to explain what their claims actually were when challenged on them, so make sure to do your research beforehand if purchasing electronics.
Target is one of my favorite stores -- I just love wandering around late at night when the store is quiet -- it's just so therapeutic! This location is now my closest store, so I drop by pretty often.  This store is pretty average. Inventory and customer service aren't particularly stellar but isn't poor either. I've generally been able to find what I need here and check out pretty quickly.   In addition to the common pharmacy and photo studio found in most Targets, this location also has an optical department. Of the 10-15 locations in the Pittsburgh area, only this store and the Cranberry store sell glasses. I purchased a pair of glasses and sunglasses through Target Optical three years ago and have been very happy with their product and customer service.
I was in and out, and I didn't wait in long to long so I'm happy.
Target and I go way back like the driver's seat in my brother's car. Despite my murky history with Target, I prefer it way more over Walmart, which is closer to home. Just overall quality, atmosphere, and clientele is way better.   We needed a large number of photos printed and my father had decided to go to FedEx. I can only imagine this decision because they're known for print quality. They should also be known for being cumbersome and overcharging. After an hour of struggling with their machines to print, we left. I suggested Target because we were in the area, and I halfway remembered that they used the Kodak app to develop pictures from your phone.   As soon as we get in, it's always a win because pictures are 25¢, compared to 49¢ at their competitor. It was easy to sync up the photo library via wifi to the kiosk with the app. After choosing and modifying all of our pictures, we were given a slip stating our order of 63 pictures would be ready in 15 minutes.   We picked up everything else we needed and checked out, finishing in 7 minutes. By then our photos were done and we checked out at the photo stand, paying less than half of what we anticipated paying at the other place. Plus the quality was fantastic, the photos weren't too glossy, and everything worked out perfectly.   Will we be back? Absolutely!
Target is my go to for toiletries, cleaning supplies, and candy runs before the movie. This particular Target is a nice stop on my lunch break. The ladies room is always clean and the scent in there reminds me of Fruity Pebbles, odd I know. Every now and again, I see decent deals on athletic wear and cosmetics.  You get 5 cents off for each reusable bag you use.    Shelves are generally well stocked. The store as a whole is pretty clean although some areas appear cluttered.  There's a Starbucks and Pizza Hut at this location.   I've had positive experience with customer service.  One time, I was here to purchase items from a registry, but their kiosk was down.  One of the associates took her time to show me how to pull up the registry on my phone.  Granted, the WiFi was poor that day, but the gesture was greatly appreciated.   There is plenty of parking here and the lines move quickly.
After numerous visits to The Men's Wearhouse throughout the years, I would give this place a thumb's up. The service is always excellent. The products are comfortable. And if items do not fit, they can be altered for a fee. In the long run, the alterations make for a perfect fit.
I got pizza here on a Saturday night in a pinch.  Looking for a place that sells by the slice, I drove around for a while.  Not only did they have by-the-slice pizza, but they also had some of my favorite toppings.  I also hate crust that's too thick, and -- although I prefer it even thinner than it was -- I was pretty satisfied with the crust.    The only thing that could be improved is the salad.  We got a grilled chicken salad.  The chicken and fries were okay, but the rest was pretty run of the mill.  As for the pizza, I'll definitely be back for more.
I just had a white pizza with added spinach. It was delicious! I love the thicker crust that was crunchy and chewy at the same time. I also got a greek salad, and you can tell the dressing was homemade cause it was perfect.
I love Pizza company pizza and hoagies!
PROS: Great selection and excellent service. They had knowledgable personnel on the floor (manager?) who was helpful.  CONS: Traffic to the store (one lane) got pretty congested. Wouldn't give me a coupon that I had forgotten at home but that's not a big deal.
I head straight back to the clearance! That's where you'll find the best deals. You will be able to see your savings when you check out because it's calculated on your receipt. Im a huge proponent of going after summer and winter seasons to stock up for next year - boots, galoshes and sandals never go out of style.
I have no idea why I've lived close to this DSW for nearly a year and had never shopped here before! This week, I was looking for a very specific pair of heels, and DSW was my go to place. I found a fabulous name-brand pair at a great price. While browsing around, there was an associate who was slowly straightening shoes, but she made no effort to talk to or even smile at me (which is awkward because I smiled at her). Thankfully, the cashier was an extremely sweet and outgoing older lady, who encouraged me to sign up for their loyalty program. Though I didn't really need to sign up, she was so kind that I couldn't say no. I plan on going back very soon!
I love bed bath & beyond!   The employees at this particular one are always available and helpful!    The selection, plus the 20% off coupons keep me coming back, and its also where I get all of the things for my soda stream.   Overall I will be back many, many times
Basically after being sent here after not having the item at another location, I walk in and go to the exact spot that the item is suppose to be.  And yet again, the exact one is not on the shelf.  Frustrated, I walk to the Customer Service desk and ask whether or not they have it.  Which the response I got was to basically look on the shelf.  After I told them I did that already, one of the employees had an ingenious idea.  Instead of checking the kitchen part of the store, why not check the bath part.  What do you know, that's where it was.  So that just makes me think that they had this item at the other store, but just weren't in tune with knowing that the item was located in another part of the store.  Everything after that was a smooth ride.  Wedding registry updated, purchased, and gift wrapped.  Yes, these places have an area that you can gift wrap for free.  It says it's a do it  yourself area, but for some reason an employee did mine for free.  Only downside is that some of the gift wrapping that some of the wrapping items have the store name on it, which might look a bit tacky.
This is a very small, yet nice store. The associates are nice and helpful. Not much else to say about this particular store. Just a pleasure to purchase from...
Coffee!!   I have a Keurig Vue and this is the only store I've been able to find that carries Vue cups. The only other place I can find them is online and I'm not a morning person. So waiting a week for shipping is just not an option sometimes. Aside from that I feel like all they jam pack the store full of everything they can.  Not that that's a bad thing but it does make it hard to find what your looking for sometimes.
If you take nothing else from this review, remember this...Bed Bath & Beyond accepts expired coupons. Save those jawns.  I keep a freezer bag full of BBB coupons in the car because I never know when I want to stop by just to look around or pick something up specifically.    The store is organized well and there is a lot in there...bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, art and decor, organizational/storage supplies, outdoor rugs, and so much more.  During back to school season, this is the place to be for your campus living items.    Sometimes staff is hard to come by, but they're helpful when you find them.   The prices are competitive and there's no reason to pay full price for your k cups, keurig, appliances, and bed sets when you have a coupon.
Eat 'n Park is Pittsburgh's version of IHOP.  Great food at cheap prices. Really good salads, sandwiches and burgers. Like Dave P. said, This is one of the better locations probably because it's right next to the headquarters.  Service has always been go at this location.
I love eat 'n park. Whenever I come to Pittsburgh, I go to this restaurant. This area is great in the waterfront. It's so peaceful here. Pittsburgh is a beautiful city. Eat n Park has the best pie. I wish we have this at home. Their banana cream pie and their strawberry pie are my family's favorite. Their food is better than IHOP. They are so cheap. You can get a slice of pie for $3.  They have a variety of everything and they are clean. Their cheese fries, milk shakes, and their breakfast menu are great. Not everything is great on the menu but they have everything you can think of in a diner and the best part is they are open 24 hrs a day. If you're hungry in the middle of the night, they have a midnight menu. I like this location better than the one at squirrel hill. The waitresses are nicer and the food is better. We stop here every time we are in town. They are not a fancy place but they have good cheap food. Try the food, you can't go wrong with the money you're paying.
We don't have Eat N Park in Illinois, so when I first saw one, I remarked to my sweetheart, "eat and park...doesn't it make more sense to park first, then eat?" Yeah, I know, that's like a bad dad joke.   But anyway, to a foreigner like me, Eat N Park is awesome!    We only come here for brunch, and since I aint got no job and limited funds, it's pretty awesome to enjoy a brunch for two for under $20.  The unlimited house coffee is delicious, and I'm not even a big coffee drinker (more of a tea aficionado myself).   Another thing I dig about this place is even though they're very much a meat and potatoes diner, they're really good about accommodating vegetarian diets.  I like the Smiles.
I like this Eat'n Park. Even though it is a chain, not all of them are created equal. The wait staff and kitchen staff really make a big difference in whether or not an Eat'n Park is worth patronizing.  Eating here, I change my mentality a bit. I always order the seven dollar BBQ burger with the salad bar add on for two dollars. In my mind, I always see myself ordering the seven dollar salad bar with a two dollar hamburger. When the salad bar is kept stocked, it has some really good and fresh items. I love that they have spinach and not just iceburg lettuce. I wish other Eat'n Parks were more like this one.
We had a really nice Sunday brunch here today. It exceeded my expectations which were admittedly very low. We needed some healthy food options for our 1.5 year old as well as enough comfort food to satisfy our starving and lazy weekend bellies.   There was a short 10 minute wait for a table at around noon but the hostess was nice enough and they gave us a big, clean booth with a partial view of the river. It took another 10-15 minutes to get service although our waiter did pop by to say he would be right with us. Another waitress took our order in the end and they comped us for one buffet. So the three of us ate for the price of one since kids five and under get a free buffet with a paying adult. ($7.99)  Ok enough about the service which was slowish but it's a full house at that time so understandable . The food:  The buffet was constantly refreshed and each container overflowing with hot food. My favorites: really well cooked fried chicken perfectly salted and complemented with Frank's red hot sauce. Biscuits and gravy, the biscuits were a little dry, mini peirogies, cooked baby carrots, really nice mini pancakes, stuffing, bacon, and ok-only home fries. It's too bad cos I generally judge a place by the quality of their breakfast potatoes but in this case the fried chicken more than made up for it. My husband had some decent salad and good clam chowda.  My kid ate everything on the other end of the buffet: cherry tomatoes, cottage cheese, cooked baby carrots, cantaloupe and honeydew melon, pineapple, bits of peirogie and chicken. The waiter gave him a shamrock sugar cookie at the end of the meal. We helped him eat most of it :)  There were a few misses: French toast were disappointingly dry and hard and the buttery/oniony noodles were undercooked. Other things looked good but we couldn't try it all: mini-waffles, mash potatoes and gravy, sausage patties, cheesey sauce, scrambled eggs. We'll just have to go again in a few weekends. Alright folks, don't need to run out and crowd it up but that fried chicken... Mmm mmm.
Always good food at a fair price. It's not gourmet, but they have an amazing salad/ soup bar that would put most other places to shame. Great fresh food, friendly service, and desserts to go. Can't beat it.
Very good cheap food. Pittsburgh classic.Great desserts! The oreo pie is amazing! The servers are always very friendly. The salad bar could be a little more clean.
People may complain that the food is not high quality or the place is a bit messy, but c'mon it is a diner!! I have been going to Eat N Park ever since I was a little kid living in Pittsburgh.  12 years ago I moved to NJ and now I go to school at Pitt and it is still one of my favorite restaurants.  Whenever my family comes to visit I do not want to go to some fancy high end restaurant, I always choose Eat n Park.  The nicest service, and greatest 'comfort food'.  They have one of the best salad bars, and I also love their fried zuchinni strips, and potato soap!!  Be sure to grab the cinnamon buns to go, as well as a smiley face cookie.
What I love about ENP (aside from the Smiley Face cookies) is they have different things on the menu you don't find at Bob Evans and Cracker Barrel like vitamin water, Eggs Benedict, omelettes, buffet, healthier options.  Service was great.
From the last time I was here it was a complete one-eighty.  Our service was way above average, in fact our waitress was amazing.  She was attentive and even doted over my niece, it felt great to be welcomed and accommodated this time around.  This visit I was here with a bigger party than last time, but that didn't stop us from receiving some of the best service I have ever had at an ENP.  Food is standard, especially if you are like me and enjoy the salad bar.  It's not the hugest salad bar, but it has enough items on it to feel your stomach and then some.  Oh, and I rediscovered the grilled stickies.  O M G!  I forgot how much those ooey gooey grilled sticky buns of gold could be the perfect ending to a healthy meal. ;)
Salad bar looked old. Dry food, mashed veggies, etc. The girl that usually does it had just come in. Ashley was our waitress...FANTASTIC SERVICE!
This is a stop I hit whenever I head to the Waterfront. It's a pretty large store with lots of goodies. Yes, it takes time to find things I like, but that's what discount stores are about! Overall, of all the TJ Maxxes I've been to (from New Mexico to Boston), this is a pretty good one.
Great variety and exceptional bargains. From home decore to clothes and specialty foods and gadgets, TJ Maxx has got you covered.  It's hardly ever crowded, store is clean and check outs are quick.
I enjoy this TJ Maxx location. I'm not sure that any TJ Maxx in Western PA has as good of a selection as the Johnstown TJ Maxx, (yes, that's right, I really did say Johnstown) but this one is pretty close. There is plenty of space, and there is a decent homegoods section as well. Not huge, but decent.  This location always has a few Bliss products, which makes it top notch in my opinion. I mean, where else can you get discounted Bliss products??  I generally don't have a lot of success with shoes at TJ Maxx because they never seem that discounted to me, but I have struck gold at this location several times. Last summer I scored two pairs of Cole Haan wedges for under $40 at the beginning of summer, and I've had success with booties here as well. Great deals on shoes makes me a happy girl!  All in all, this is a great location, and one that I frequent at least a few times per month.
Decent size, decent selection, decent staff.  I guess that can wholly sum this place up, it's decent.  As with many other stores that are like this, the product rotates depending on what doesn't sale well at other stores.  Can always snag a deal here.  I was able to pick up a pretty sweet Puma jacket for $10, can't beat that, right?  That being said, there are those times that you may not find anything as well.  So really don't get your hopes up if you are looking for a specific item.
To me TJ Maxx means great items at a great price!  They always have name brand handbags, jewelry, shoes, and clothing at a great price. You find shoes from Coach, clothes from Calvin Klein, and Jewelry from Betsy Johnson. They have purses from Michael Kors, , Coach, and Kate Spade plus many others. It's a great place to shop for items for your home, be it bedding or cookware that you need. Plus they have great decorative items as well. It's a great place to not only shop for yourself but for gifts. They have the best selection of frames around. It's all at great prices.
This is the closest TJ Maxx to me. I'm glad that the Waterfront also has discount stores because we all know i love them. I head to this store often bc its good to see if you can snag a deal. The clothes selection here is nice as well as the shoes. Recently I picked up a Nathans water bottle. I price compared on Amazon & to check reviews. It was $15 on amazon (& had GREAT reviews). It was at TJ Maxx for $7.99. WHOOO! I use it everyday and its perfect for the gym.
Marshalls is hit or miss with me, but during the last two visits, I found what I was looking for, for great prices. Score!  They have a decent selection of shoes, although my size is hard to come by here.  Cute handbags and I approve of their activewear selection.  One can never have too many workout clothes.  I also purchase trouser socks here.  Every now and again, I check out the housewares and I've liked what I saw.  They have some unique decor and gifts, sometimes small furniture pieces.  Years ago, I purchased decorative pillows from here that match my living room furniture perfectly. I've also purchased children's gifts (books and toys) from here.  The staff is generally pleasant and I met a friendly associate manning the dressing rooms tonight.  If you're into stylish reusable bags, they have some new spring designs that are cute. Just 99 cents.
Finally, I restaurant in Pittsburgh that I can give 4 stars!! Mitchell's is located on the Waterfront and is one of the nicer restaurants in that area. The interior is a classic, clean, modern seafood restaurant-- dark wood, glass, etc... The menu has really great seafood selections and is printed daily.  But here's what's great about this place: after 4pm you can get "small plates" at the bar for $3 each, and these ain't no Costco fish sticks! Two of these small plates would make a sufficient meal (along with the sourdough French bread they bring out). Finally, while the drinks aren't cheap, they're creative, tasty and fresh. All in all, I had a great experience, and I think this place would be perfect for a date or a happy hour with the girls from the typing pool.
This is one of the few restaurants I frequent in the Waterfront. Why would you come to Mitchell's if not for the fish/seafood? You probably wouldn't. But you can swim in the Great Lakes beer on tap here and have some nice oysters while enjoying river view. Not many places in Pittsburgh offer these types of views while dining (and that's a Pittsburgh mystery to me). The restaurant is never to crowded and you won't get packed in like sardines in a tin can. So you can enjoy a fairly romantic dinner with your loved one(s).   The food is very good but you may have to shell out a few clams of your own ($$$). If you have deep ocean like pockets put your hook into the  sea bass which is always moist and scrumptious at around $29.99. They will cook your food one of several ways. I like my fish broiled, their signature is too salty for my liking. Bread is mmmgood and hot (free). Staff is very  accommodating ie you can request to sample a soup and the servers are pleased to do so. I recommend you try their soups like the seafood gumbo. A bowl of this creamy delight goes a long way...bonus they toss in those little hexagonal oyster crackers as  reminds me of my youth on Long Island's south shore (but that's another story). Salads a bit skimpy and somewhat pricey (approx. $7.95 for basic house salad). Bottom line is Mitchell's at the Waterfront is well worth taking the splash for if you really like a nice seafood dinner.
Mtchells is one of the best fish places around.  I really like their Shanghi preparation of my fish. It's just delicious.  The establishment is always clean, the staff courteous and the fish, of course, fresh.    Oddly enough one of my favorite things about going here besides the fish is the bread they give you.  It's always so warm and tasty.  The deserts are also very tasty.  I have gotten two that I really liked  They also have a three course fixed price option last I went that was a great value. I think it was $20/person for lunch.
An excellent choice for fresh, well prepared seafood located in the Waterfront area in Homestead.   I frequent this area for business travel, and you can't do much better without heading downtown.  The seafood is excellent, with a daily menu crammed full of fresh fish specials, a raw bar, and a list of chef's specialties.  The house salad is sweet and delicious, and the 'shanghai' seafood preparation is delicious, healthy, and unique.  Try it with the scallops or a white-fleshed fish.  There is a nice selection of regional beers on tap, a decent selections of wines, and creative drinks (think elderflower and pear martinis).  The deserts are adequate, though not a highlight.    If you're on the Waterfront, you won't do better than this.  Enjoy!
I was impressed.    Went here for lunch.  The seafood gumbo was tremendous.  I wasn't in the mood for more seafood so I had the chicken blt on ciabatta bread.  I'm not sure what type of creamy sauce they put on the bread, but it was delicious.  Will go back again.  The food was reasonably priced for lunch.  Dinner would obviously be more expensive but I imagine it's worth the $.
I did not know this is a franchise restaurant until I had looked it up on the internet. This is the only restaurant I was not familiar with by the waterfront. My mom and me sat on the outdoor patio, the weather was very nice on a breezy summer day.  There was a great prix fixe special for $23, what a great price for regular portion salad---the dressing was too sweet for me---entree and mini dessert. The fish was fresh. My mom's chilean sea bass shanghi style came with sticky rice and spinach. The sea bass had nice texture and was reasonably priced. My lobster and shrimp pappardelle had more shrimp than I expected. My desert was creme brulee, which was very good. I love a good sugar coated dessert.
I took my cousin from California here for lunch. We were both eating lite since a) I was dieting and b) my family was having dinner at my mother's house and she was slaving over lasagna all day, so if anyone knows anything about Italian mother's, you better arrive hungry. Back to mitchell's, I had the iceberg wedge with bacon, egg, tomatoes and a delicious home made blue cheese dressing. I also ordered a bowl of seafood gumbo which was the best gumbo I ever tasted. It wasn't overly packed with rice, as a matter of fact, there wasn't much rice at all. It was mostly shredded crab, scallops, and shrimp with a very delicate broth that wasn't too thick and the heat snuck up on you after swallowing. It wasn't a lot of heat, just enough to make it exciting. As for the iceberg wedge salad, every once in awhile I need a piece of iceberg instead of a bowl of spring mix (ie: tender weeds). The star of this salad was the chef made blue cheese dressing. It was not overly thick, very tasty and savory. It complimented the bacon and egg on the wedge. The cousin ordered the carrot cake for dessert and it was easily a pound slice. I tasted a little bite and must say it's the best carrot cake I've ever tasted. The cream cheese frosting was more buttery than "cheesy", it was a great surprise when you're expecting the normal cream cheese frosting. There were whole walnuts throughout the cake and many raisins, which I love. Also this recipe seems to rely on more cinnamon than I've tasted in the past. I highly recommend it. It was a wonderful lunch and I'm sure she had carrot cake to take on the plane ride back to Riverside.
Excellent service, great meal!  They had an excellent selection of seafood,  and I can't wait to dine again
This was a great find near Pittsburgh alternative to down town scene. Ambiance was great on the deck by the river, and service was excellent (Thanks Melisa for history lessens!). Seafood including Oysters were fresh and well prepared. Price was reasonable for "Prefix" menu including scrumptious dessert.  What an evening to end a fantastic summer day in Pittsburgh.
DRINKS: Water for me, Yuengling for my fiance APPETIZERS: Cup of Maine Lobster Bisque for me -- soo good! My fiance had the New Orleans Seafood Gumbo which I had a taste of it and it was good, but I liked my soup better...very rich and creamy but full of flavor with a fair amount of lobster bits mixed in. The bread they served with the apps was fresh baked (I believe sourdough) and it was quite tasty along with the whipped butter. Our entrees came with house salads - had great elements, but I felt I couldn't enjoy mine because the dressing given was a poppyseed vinagrette and I can't handle too much acidity in my food these days. My fiance however cleaned his salad plate (not a sentence I utter often). ENTREES: I had one of the specials, Grilled Shrimp and Scallops with roasted summer vegetables and tomato vinagrette (which I asked for on the side). The seafood part was great - the vegetables were so-so. My fiance had the special of Cod stuffed with Lobster (and some other seafood) with asparagus and a lemony sauce - I had a taste of his and it was really yummy, I'll def order that next time! We both finished our plates, which wasn't too challenging b/c the portions were moderate (I got 3  srhimp and 3 scallops for example) but still filling. DESSERT: Didn't order any SERVICE: Friendly, though a little sparse. After we finished our meals we felt like we were waiting around for awhile before we could ask for our check. But our server was overall friendly and we didn't feel neglected or anything. DEALS/DISCOUNTS: None OVERALL: We liked the variety and freshness of seafood. Def a place we'd consider going to again, which is the main mark of a very good experience!
Went on a Saturday, 2 hour wait. food is good, I got some seafood gumbo to go and I won't do that again. Seemed like it didn't have any seafood in it.
Service was slow, but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender, her favorite server, serve us in our private room for a party of 8.  The food and drinks were good and we woud return.
Good food..yummy
Had the blackened fish taco's, the were very good along with a pint of Guinness. Recommended.
First off I have to note, their Maine Lobster Bisque is amazing. Definately don't miss out on it.   That being said, we had lunch there and the lunch portions are a good value. I had the Cedar Plank salmon. The fish was fantastic, except that the vegetables were a little bland.   The atmosphere at the restaurant is quite relaxed, and I don't think I've ever seen it get more than mildly busy in there, so it is a nice place to go to have a quiet meal with someone special.
Food was excellent. Went for the Sunday brunch and loved it. I highly recommend the steak and eggs with the zucchini pancakes, really an outstanding dish. Oh, and if you get the carrot cake....one is enough for everyone! It was huge, and it was soooo goood! I don't know how they can make something taste that good and cook it in such large volumes. Really was an excellent experience, my only reason for not giving it a five star review was that there was too much time in between our courses. There was probably a good 40 minutes that passed between our salads and our entrees. That's a little long for me when I'm at a brunch. Usually I don't eat a breakfast if I'm going to something like that, so 40 minutes was too long for me.
Very very good chain family restaurant. I had their yellowfin tuna steak shanghai style and it was great. Service was excellent and the party of 5 I was with swore they could eat there every week as the menu was extremely diverse. It's hard for me to give a chain 5/5 but this is pretty close.
Love this place - they were very accommodating to me, Peanut and Gramma (she goes often).  Solid wine selection and Gramma says they make a good Margarita.  We all enjoyed all of our food as well.  Great view of the Mon too.
Amazing valentines dinner and service! Curt was simply a wonderful server and the food was fantastic.   Only negative was a few overly salted bites. But as someone who is a salt minimalist. That could purely be my palate only.
The tuna was enjoyable and the service was prompt. The house Chardonnay was buttery and was a good compliment to the fish. It was a Tuesday night so the place was busy but not crowded. Since I wasn't "wowed" by the place I won't give it 5 stars but I had no dissatisfaction to speak of. I will be back (if I'm not across the street at the Rock Bottom Brewery).
Love this place so much. The food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied. The service is incredibly slow though, takes FOREVER to our meals! Even during lunch time when there's almost no one there.. I don't understand I always end up eating here for at LEAST two-four hours. Fish is always fresh, lobster is delicate and tasty, and surprisingly the steak is amazing as well. Clam chowder is rich and creamy-- perfect thickness! Love their salads as well. Definitely recommend this place for a date night :) pricey? Definitely, be prepared to spend at least $20/person!
Good quality food here. The clam chowder was excellent and so was the tuna appetizer and the Americana seafood plate loaded with shrimp and scallops in a creamy spinach sauce with small potatoes. I'd go here again if possible.
I love Mitchell's Fish Market.  95% of the time, the food is amazing but, when they mess up, they move heaven and earth to make it better.  The last time we were at Mitchell's, I ordered the lobster and tenderloin skewers.  My lobster was underdone.  The server was amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though I had eaten most of it.  Then, to make our night even better, comped us a dessert.  It's that kind of stellar service that keeps us going back.
The patio view is beautiful, and the food is good, too! We ordered the Grill Rainbow trout, Shang Hai Rainbow trout, Crispy Ginger cod & rainbow trout. Everyone is happy about the dish. They have music every Thursday, it is a little bit loud, but the band is really good. Will come again!
Mitchell's is located on the river side of the Waterfront and out of the crazy "let's fight to find a parking spot" area.  They do take reservations, but doubtful you need one on a weekday during lunch.  It wasn't busy when I was there on a Tuesday at noon.  Mitchell's has a cool layout - large full bar in the middle, private large rooms for large parties, smaller areas for business lunches, full dining room seating with tables and booths, and an excellent outdoor patio where you can watch people ride by on the bike trail.    This is a seafood restaurant with lots of good options for fresh in season fish.  You can choose from a number of different fish to have prepared for salads, sandwiches, or just as they are.  I had the chopped salad and added scallops to it.  Delicious!    The price range is reasonable and you can plan on spending around $15 with your lunch and a soda/iced tea.  For that price, you really can't complain.  I drop almost that much at Panera on a half sandwich and cup of soup with an iced tea.    I'm sure it's much busier for dinner but I find Mitchell's to be an excellent place for a business lunch or just meeting friends.  I've been here for brunch as well and had an excellent Bloody Mary and eggs benedict with crab.
I went to this restaurant last week with my husband and my family. The restaurant is located on the Waterfront area. The variety of fish was excellent, including the fresh fish of the day. I ordered the atlantic cod and it was delicious. The waitress' service was really good.  I definitely recommend this restaurante.
A OK!  Really loved the bacon wrapped shrimp! So amazing with the sauce on the side. This was probably the the best part of the meal.    I also had blacken salmon with a double order of spinach instead of a starch. The spinach was just steamed without any flavoring... Which is better in the long run,  but I wish they had options for sauteed with garlic.   The service was great as well!  We were always taken care of.    Will definitely bring my bf here in the future.
This was my first time at this location.  I've frequented the Upper St Clair Galleria restaurant.  There's a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.  I don't usually eat at chain restaurants nor will I review them because they're typically big food corporate run places that don't care what they feed you they just care about their stockholders.  This place seems different to me.  The food quality and care seems to be very high.    The staff is always well trained.  I like the decor and ambiance.  The menu offers many options.  I don't really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be small in some of the dishes but overall I am a fan.  I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.  I like to buy the trout and prepare it at home.    We were here for a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people.  The room was a little small and it ended up being too loud too but the staff really pulled it off overall.  It's a tough thing to do.  It wasn't perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh.  Nicely done.
My husbands first time.  Nice to be able to pick your fish and style of cooking.  I had a trio of Jamaican jerk tilapia,  salmon,  and scallops.  All good but too much sauce on scallops.  Husband had surf n turf special. Snow crab legs tasty but smaller portion than I expected. Glad they had raw oysters,  but no idea where they were from.  For $2.50 each you'd think they'd say.  Waitstaff friendly but inexperienced when it came to wine.  We taught two of them how to open a champagne bottle.  Nice time out,  but two gripes... #1 Used my phones flashlight to see if there was an outlet on the floor.  Felt like an archaeologist finding old remains of dinners gone by.  Crumbs,  napkins wedged between booth and wall,  gum,  dirt.  For the price I would expect a cleaner place. #2 our waiter kept saying Thank you. After every single sentence,  even when it wasn't appropriate.  Silly gripe,  right?  But it was way over the top and felt more like,  Can I have a tip?  Can I have a tip?
In the Homestead area of Pittsburgh. Seafood gumbo was very good. Broiled scallops were very good, partner had sea bass stuffed with lobster, also very good. Vegetable sides were not as good as the fish. With two glasses of wine the total was $83. In and out in an hour. I'd go back because the fish was that good
Good. One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Went yesterday with family and enjoyed oysters(very fresh). I always like appetizers more than their entrees
So yes I went there, the meal was good. I would love to say I would go back but I doubt it.
Unlike some other reviewers here that came to a FISH MARKET looking for vegan food (and didn't like it, who would have guessed !! :| ), I came here to eat fish.. and it was delicious..   I had atlantic salmon on special, with chili citrus glaze, that turned out awesome.. we also ordered cedar plank trout which didn't disappoint either.. overall, a real good first seafood experience for this place.. I'd have loved to give them 5 stars, but I'd hold that till they add some nice local beers..
There really are not too many seafood options here in Pittsburgh. I have been here 3 times so far, and each time has been very good. This last Friday I walked in, and I was able to be seated immediately without a reservation. It was about 6:30 when we went in, and at about 8pm when we left, it was pretty packed. The seafood has always been good and fresh, and this was the first time in my life that I had swordfish and it was moist and tasty. They have a signature way of steaming their fish (if you ask for it this way) with ginger, sesame seeds and soy sauce over spinach and rice. It is excellent. They have a full bar, with a few good drafts (Guiness and Dogfish 60). Definitely pricey among the Waterfront restaurants, but to me it is worth it.
It depends on what you order here as this can be a reasonable meal or a splurge. They have some delicious tilapia/trout/salmon entrees with veggie and starch in that sweet spot of $20; however, if you want you could easily go $35+ a plate. The spinach salad with chevre and roasted pecans was awesome.   Wine was surprisingly reasonable and they were food allergy friendly.  Better than Red Lobster and not nearly as busy as PF Changs or Bravo!--so you might be able to walk in.  Would give a 3.5 if I could.
i really like this place....nice ambiance.  The food is well seasoned and the seafood is fresh.  The wait staff is particularly good.
I took my daughter here for lunch. She had been wanting to come for a good while. She's graduating high school next week so it seemed like the perfect time. She had the clam chowder and the shrimp scampi. It was great. She wished that the chowder was slightly thinner but enjoyed the alfredo-like flavor. I was not in the mood for seafood so I had the bacon cheeseburger. You can't go wrong with a burger right? Well, let me tell you, that was one of the best burgers that I've had and I frequent restaurants who specialize in them. It had a beautiful char flavor to it. I did not need any condiments. The broccoli I had was wonderful as well and I especially enjoyed the seasoning.  The only thing that slightly sullied it for me is that it was too dark. I love atmosphere but I was almost asleep before the food came out.
After doing some chores at The Waterfront, we were hungry and decided to try Mitchell's for dinner. We were seated at a comfortable red booth. The clam chowder was perfect; definitely get it. The mussels were delicious--not as firm as mussels usually are (but in a good way) and bigger than normal. The spicy crispy shrimp surprised me; I didn't think it would be good, but it was. Boyfriend said his lobster bisque was "funky" and I agreed that it tasted weird, but it was still edible.   The calamari, however, was unseasoned. Maybe they forgot to season it that night? I feel like the way it was served to us is not the way they usually serve it. Also, I was disappointed with the small portion of the calamari. For $12, we should be getting way more than we did.   Our server was attentive and noticed that we liked a lot of their appetizers, so she informed us about their happy hour (Monday through Friday 4:30-6:30pm) where their appetizers are at most $7 each! Tempting, especially after our pleasant dinner experience.  Taste | 4 Atmosphere | 4 Presentation | 3.5 Service | 4 OVERALL | 4
So I've never been here before, I came with a friend and her aunt. The place is decorated really well, a little dim though. Even the bathroom is really really dim. Like I get the atmosphere you're trying to go for but I want to be able to see. I got the seafood stew and it was so good. The scallops were perfectly cooked and the flavor of the broth was fantastic. My shrimp were over cooked though, thus the four star review. They got everything right but that one thing kinda tainted it. I had the banana bread pudding for dessert and that was also very good. I've had a lot of bread pudding and this was one of the best. It was light but also dense and the flavor of the banana came through very clearly. Overall I had a very good experience! It would have been very great if it weren't for the over cooked shrimp. I'd definitely go back, but it is pretty pricey.
Ate here last night...fantastic food & service!! From apps to dinner to dessert everything was top notch! The only place comparable was an old seaside joint I used to frequent down near Delaware...that says something!! The crab/spinach dip was different than mine but still very good...I had the Mitchell's market side trio and cleaned the plate...she had some Asian inspired girlie thing and it too was very good!! We shared some dessert thing with banana bread pudding, a brownie creation & an ice cream thing...fabulous!! It's good we shopped 1st otherwise I would've been miserable waddling around after this great food!!
Since Mitchell's went corporate, it has gone downhill from the quality and service customers used to receive. This place has been hit or miss the last few times. This time it started off as a miss but finished with a homerun.  We had dinner reservations for 3 at 6:45PM. Upon entering the restaurant was extremely busy, with a good bit of people in the waiting area. We arrived at 6:25 and immediately checked in. 6:30 came, same amount of people still in waiting area. 6:45, the 6:30 reservations were still waiting to be seated. We spoke to hostess at 6:55 and promised us we were 2nd in line. 3 tables were seated before us. The hostess looked flustered, confused, and not interested in helping to rectify situation. At 7:05 we were finally sat.  Our server was excellent. Came by often to refill waters and take new drink orders. Helped us with our menu questions and gave suggestions. Our appetizer came out quickly with enough of a gap between our entrees which is always a plus! I got the Shanghai Chilean SeaBass. Cooked perfectly!!   The initial experience was setting the stage for an irritating evening but once we were sat the service from our waitress and quality of food quickly made up for the early mishap.
This place in good. I've bee here a few times and I've enjoyed each visit. The Location is easy to get to, the decor is nice and clean. The food is excellent and the service is very good. I would say it's slightly expensive in most people's opinion though. I would absolutely recommend this place and plan to come back myself sometime.
We went to Mitchell's last weekend to celebrate my BFF's birthday.  She has been to Mitchells several times and speaks highly about it.  I have been there before but is has been several years and really didn't recall much.  But like my friend I love seafood so there was no objections there.  The menu isn't too big, which is good, and they allow you to choose sides vs giving you what they deem you should have with your meal.  Our waitress was very nice. We arrived a little after my friend, but waited about 15 minutes for her other friend and date to show.  Once settled in we all placed our orders.  I decided on a yellowfin tuna, prepared medium rare, and for the sides I requested a double order of asparagus.  We didn't wait too long for our 6 meals to arrive.  However, 3 out of 6 of those contained mistakes.  My BFF asked for coleslaw.  Not there.  Easy fix they brought it out.  My husband wanted fries, he got potatoes.  Ok so now he gets both for same price, so I guess another easy fix.  And then there was me.  They just straight up brought me someone else's food.  The waitress quickly grabbed it up after I said to the guy this isn't what I ordered.  There was rice on the plate, and I don't know what fish since it only sat in front of me for a few seconds before being snatched away.  I only waited a few minutes and she brought me my correct meal.  The yellowfin looked amazing.  Nice thick portion, and once I cut into it, it was beautifully cooked and seasoned well.  However, my "double" order of asparagus was FIVE spears.  Before the waitress left after bringing the correct order I said something to her about it.  That to which she said, "That is a double".  Hmmm.  So a single order is 2 and  1/2 pieces of asparagus right?  That's bunk.  My fellow diners felt sorry for me and offered up some of their veggies, very sweet of them.  Weird thing was, my friend's other friends date ordered asparagus as one of his sides and got 4 pieces.  So was it just me or maybe they need some help executing in the kitchen and in service.  Not to mention the meal was $32.00, and I just bought a bundle of asparagus for 1.88 at the Giant Eagle!    So other than the mix-ups and the asparagus situation of 2016, I really enjoyed my meal and time at Mitchells.  The fish was as noted very tasty, but the price is reflective of a special occasion dinner option.
Mitchell's was surprisingly good.  Everything I tasted was good or better, and there were plenty of options.  Everything I drank was good or better, and there are options for everyone.  The atmosphere was great (especially sitting outside on one of the rare nice days), which definitely enhanced the experience (though don't count on that part being reliable in Pittsburgh...).  My dings against the place are mostly minor (e.g., tiny hiccups in service), but for one: it's a bit pricey for the category in which I'd place it, though it's still a great option in that category.
I hadn't been shopping at Old Navy for at least a year or two. Recently, a friend of mine told me that she loved their new Fall/Holiday collection, so I popped by based on her recommendation. I absolutely love their winter outerwear! They have a lot of beautiful coats this year for amazing prices, and I just had to pick up two (only $70 for both with their current sale).  Outside of their current product, I was impressed by the size of the store, which seems a bit larger than average. Though it is a lot of square footage to cover, I was not impressed by their sales floor customer service. Yes, it's Old Navy, but I shopped in this store three times over the past week and did not have anyone come up to me while wandering around the outerwear. However, the woman that assisted me in the fitting room had a great attitude, and I really enjoyed interacting with her.  Overall, a four star Old Navy experience... If they could work on their customer service skills on the sales floor, I'd give them a five!
Old Navy is one of my favorite stores at The Waterfront. Sales occur frequently and I'm a big fan of their active wear.  Prices are very reasonable. Staff is helpful.
Underated and ignored!  if you see this ol time pizzaria near Kennywood stop on by good crust nice and buttery in the sicilian style!  Better then DiSallas  the only thing I can say that is better then Latinas is Mineo's !  they say the best pizzarias are the little holes in the wall type places and this is one of those enviroments!  Small and cozy very nice and relaxing afternoon!  To just enjoy with yourself and a friend!
I have to admit, the first time I hate here, I absolutely hated the pizza. And I think it was because I was expecting something completely different than I got. Latina Pizza is very different from most pizza shops. Instead if a round thin crust pizza, this pizza is square, thick, and doughy. The crust is not really that good, but that is not why you get a pizza here. It's the homemade sauce. And that it is a family owned place that is  really pretty inexpensive.   The other nice thing about this shop is that it is right next to Kennywood. So usually around dinnertime we leave the park and walk over here to order some pizzas and drinks. No lines, no waiting for tables, no outrageous prices. It's a time to recharge, and sometimes we feel like going back to the park,  other times we decide to go home.
Good pizza at a great price. The unique crust that's both crispy and airy is probably not for everybody, but our whole group liked it. The sauce is good too, light but with a good tomato flavor.   The best thing about this place is the management. They went out of their way for our group of seven and the food was out fast. And the prices: we fed everybody in under $40, with plenty of leftovers taken home.
Incredible. The Pizza is the best in the area, by far. The Sandwiches are great as well, but in my opinion the best food they have is their Calzones, which I highly recommend. This place deserves a 5-Star as far as their food is concerned, but the dine-in potion of the shop is tiny and makes dining-in quite unenjoyable, so I'm forced to give them 4-stars. Would highly recommend either picking up or having something delivered, not so much on eating there though.
Good service.. It is very attentive. Nice facility, though crew lounge should be larger as it's currently full.
Great baked goods and a nice staff. Staff seems to be bumping into each other and lines quickly form. Would also be nice if they allowed customers to order anything they want during the holidays to alleviate the wait.
I was planning to attend a conference in Pittsburgh and was researching food joints that I wanted to check out. A friend of mine insisted that I go to Pierogies Plus telling me that the food was so good that ever since he went that he has had pierogies mail-ordered to his house each year. While I have never been a huge fan of pierogies, I figured that I should heed my friends advice since he generally steers me to places I enjoy. Let's just say in this case, he hit the ball out of the park.  I actually wound up going to Pierogies Plus straight from the airport. After getting in a rental car and plugging in my GPS, imagine my surprise when my GPS announced "You have reached your destination." and I found myself sitting outside what appeared to be an old service station. When I walked inside and up to the counter, I found a crew of Polish women rocking out every kind of Pierogi imaginable. I was overwhelmed by the sheer volume of choices.  Wanting to try everything, I wound up going with their Sampler Platter #1 which was a small haluski (a noodle and cabbage mixture), a stuffed cabbage, and four pierogi ( I wound up going with a potato with bacon, potato with cheese, potato with jalapeno, and potato with meat). The food was outrageously good. I'm actually salivating just thinking back on the meal. The stuffed cabbage was not marred by the typical dryness that can afflict that dish and was perfectly sauced. The haluski, a dish I had never heard of, was amazing.  While I can't expect everyone to make their way to Pittsburgh solely to go to Pierogies Plus, do yourself a favor and order some. Those wonderful ladies deserve your business. Your belly will appreciate it!
OMG good pierogis in a classic blue collar 'hood. At first glance, it looks like a place to get a flat fixed on your tire. Instead, I re-learn why I always avoid the corporate food franchises and seek places like this out. Just go there and eat whatever the nice woman behind the counter tells you to! It's well worth the mapquest ...
Some great pierogies are expertly handmade with "tender loving care," here in this once-was-a-gas-station. Quality, I tell you. They're definitely worthy of a pierogi pilgrimage.   Order them hot if you want them right then and there because these nice ladies also sell them cold to take home too.   Hot and buttery, buttery, buttery, and covered in sauteed onions is how you'll get them. So good. We shared the potato and cheese, potato and sauerkraut, and hot sausage varieties. Delicious, them all.
Good pierogies, but after also having Szmidts in Greenfield recently, this place takes the backseat. Its also out of the way for me. However, if I ever happen to be in McKees Rocks, Ill make sure to keep this spot in mind.
The amount of food in the box was crazy I think it could have easily fed two people. The pierogies are on point. I had potato and cheese and loved them!!! No place to eat so its a to go place but well worth it. Glad we stopped on on our way to Pittsburgh!!! Would go back
Great pierogies and haluski.  A bit pricey for what you get and their deals for bulk orders are not great compared to other places (for example, Gosia's is better and will give you a deal on a big order).  Pierogies Plus is not the best pierogies in the city--keeping in mind there's a lot of competition here--but they definitely are the best Polish food in the McKees Rocks area.  The main reason that I deducted a star is because every staff member there has been incredibly rude over the phone or in person.  I got yelled at by a staff person once when I rather meekly pointed out their website prices did not match their in-store prices--not my fault the website was not up-to-date.
Food here was pretty comparable to other eat n parks. My boyfriend and I came here late at night. He ordered soup, and props to the waitress for being honest and telling him not to get it, that it had been sitting all day and was soggy. We really appreciated the waitress being upfront about what to not order late at night. Overall a good experience
The hamburgers and fries taste better than other eat n parks i have eaten at. I dont know why maybe a different food distributor. Clean,  the service is good.
Good people watching, salad bar always fresh, cool photos of old Rox, and they always accommodate my weird orders. Cheap, fast, local.
Have been here two times after stopping at Mancini's Bakery. Have only had the Hamburger/Cheese/Bacon w/ fries but huge portions and great price. Great Quality also. Server is really nice also. Will be eating here again. Heard the Breakfast items are also great. Saw the waffles and pancakes....were huge!
Marges is tucked away in the delightful Pittsburgh neighborhood of Mckees Rocks. This place reminds me half of a diner from the 1950's, and half my grandmas kitchen.  The seating room is accommodation, the service prompt and courteous.The prices are fantastic and so is the food.  I had a grilled hodge podge combination of hot/sweet sausage, potatoes, eggs, and peppers all on one dish for 9.50. It was excellent. Ladies and Gents, I can put food away  like a champ and I still had leftovers.  My friend had a succulent, buttery French Toast. Simple, but they nailed it.  I would return.
Great service, great food at a reasonable price!  The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good.  Our waitress was friendly, attentive and quick to refill drinks. Can't wait to go back!
Very quaint! Stopped here for lunch while traveling for work, and I felt like I was in a diner in the 1950s. Had a grilled cheese and fries - the food was good and everyone was friendly.
I've been coming here for years but the new owner makes a world of difference.  Great bargain and better breakfast. You can't go wrong with straightforward good food made well. In an area known for great basics these guys get it right.  Take a trip to Stowe hunry.
Found this place on a Sunday looking for breakfast.   The food was fantastic and you get you get a decent sized portion.    Very inexpensive for what you are getting.  I've been back since my initial visit and the food was just as good.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming.  Would highly recommend.
Pretty good performance by the Applebee's in Robinson a few days ago. We ordered our food after 10pm, so our appetizer was half-off. We had the boneless BBQ wings, a must-have! My friend ordered the honey chicken macaroni, and he thought it was marvelous. I had the stout sirloin with gravy, and I ordered it rare, but it came out medium. That's the only reason I gave this restaurant a 4/5. If I'm in the area, I'd come back. The server was attentive, the atmosphere was good, and the food was hot.
Off and on through out my life I've been crafty, like a fox mostly, but crafty. Pat Catan's is one of the few places that you can get almost, almost everything you need to make some pretty cool stuff. I usually leave missing something, like every time(-1). Now if all I did was stamping or collage, maybe they'd have it. The other good thing is that on a Saturday morning it's packed with girls, ladies, women, you know what I mean :D
This is another good Giant Eagle. I pretty much like them all. A wrong turn led us to this one a couple of weeks ago where we picked up some items. Huge store as usual.
We decided on Sapporo after reading so-so reviews on Ichiban and Benihana's.  This was a nice surprise. Yes, it is not in the best looking area, and yes, the restaurant may not be as nice as a Benihana.  But the food was quite good.    We had our doubts at first.  We went in the middle of a Sunday afterfoon and the place was empty.  And service seemed to be a little disorganized and distracted.  But once the chef came out and got to work, it was great.  The salad and soup were veyr good, the soup being a little more beefy in flavor than what we were used to.  We then had the fried rice and got a HUGE portion.  We needed a little more soy sauce that what the chef used, but he gladly provided more and the rice was delicious.    Then we moved to the main entrees.  Wife had the Chateaubriand and I had the Tenderloin and Scallops.  The meat, although cooked  just a tad past medium, still melted in your mouth,and the scallops were absolutely the best I've ever had!!  Again, huge portions of meat and vegetables, plus a large portion of noodles. Definitely a plateful.  We did not get the requisite show you get at this kind of restaurant, but we've seen it so many times, it's kinda boring to me.  Instead, we had a nice conservsation with the chef about the Pittsburgh area.  All in all, this was a very pleasant meal, and I'll definitely go back.
I have been a fan of Ricci Italian Sausage for as long as I can remember.  My Italian aunts - love Ricci's too. The new location is now in Kennedy Township... located conveniently in the Kenmar Plaza - next to Subway.   The Robinson location is now closed.  I am thrilled about the move its closer to my home.   Hot Sausage, Sweet Sausage, Meatballs etc.   There are frozen food items available too - pasta, sauce, meatballs etc. There is also a shelf in the store stocked with sausage buns, sauce and other items.  I often stop after work to grab dinner because they are open until 6:00.    Specials:  Pazzo Monday: any sandwich or  1/2 sausage roll with a soft drink is $5.99.  Tuesday/Thursday: Mac and Cheese with ground hot sausage $2.75 per serving.   Friday: Sherrys Pasta e'Fagoli $3.75 per serving Wednesday/Saturday: (MY FAVORITE SPECIAL):  Homemade Lasagna - made with homemade sauce, Tallutos lasagna pasta, grande and lamagna cheese and ricci ground hot sausage $4.25 per serving.  I must tell you that the lasagna is my favorite menu item at Ricci and anytime I get it .. when I eat it.. I get into a "zone". And I don't ever share.. yes it's THAT good.  I love to make my own spaghetti sauce using Ricci Italian Sausage.  I have tried using other types of sausages - like giant eagle brand but you can always tell when its "Ricci's Sausage" because it's a good batch of sauce and everyone raves about it.       mangia mangia
Frankfurters has only been open a few weeks, but it already has the feel of a hangout, the staff is welcoming and friendly - you'll find yourself chatting with other diners before you know it. The menu is simple and it's clear they care about flavor - you'll get asked whether you want your buns toasted, which to me is the key to a good sandwich anywhere. We had the Chicago-style (tons of veggies and peppers, "dragged through the garden"), and the Chef with kraut and mustard, along with a small order or fries, definitely large enough for two people.  The fries had some skin on, which I really liked. Part of me wished the dogs were bigger, but the prices are so good you should just order two if you're hungry. I'll be back!
Ordered delivery when staying at the Sheraton Station Square.   It wasn't super fast but wasn't unreasonable (45mins) and the pizza was so good that I ended up eating way more than I intended.  Not too greesey with a nice balance of cheese, sauce, dough, and toppings.
They don't deliver to me anymore, moved to Lawrenceville.  However, their pizza is good, not too greasy, not too dry.  Nice balance with the sauce cheese and toppings.  They have awesome house rolls, I'm partial to the spinache and feta house rolls.  They are SO delicious.  Pretty cheap.  The delivery time is kind of long, but they are open late, and I love that.
The pizza here is great. I always pick up a pizza when i am near Bellevue.  I have only ever eaten their pizza.
R&Bs is very consistent with their food.  Quality pizza and hoagies, Buffalo Chicken pizza and hoagie are both really good.  I recommend.
I stopped by here two nights ago as part of a night where I would try three different pizzas in the Bellevue/Avalon area.  I called my order in for an XL pizza ahead of time and was told that I would have a 15 minute wait until it was ready.  Since I only had a general idea of where it was located I ended up parking near it trying to locate it and then driving past it before finally locating it in a small strip mall right next to Lincoln Ave.  There isn't too much to say about the inside of this pizza place except that they have a counter up front with a little bit of room to wait and no customer seating, not that this is a bad thing.  Pizzas in general can be broken down into three separate components: cheese, crust and sauce.  This pizza actually had the least amount of cheese on it of all of the pizzas that we tried but ended up being my favorite which would be surprsing if you know me.  The cheese was not that strong in flavor but the amount of it let it pair perfectly with the sauce which had a nice spice profile (strong on the garlic and maybe some oregano?) coming through it.  The crust on this pizza was the thinnest of the bunch that we tried and was cooked nicely which also had a little crisp which I loved.    The bottom line for me is that I would head back to R & B's again in the future for pizza.  It was easily the most expensive of the bunch that I bought last night at $12.79 after tax for an XL but as the old adage goes "You get what you pay for" and if you like garlic then you should like this pizza.
Great pizza, wings and salads. Haven't tried much else. We love their R&Bs Special pizza. They have specials on combos (two pizzas, pizza and wings, etc). They're pretty quick and have always gotten our order correct.
These guys make excellent hoagies. We especially like the supreme Italian and the turkey. Try their pizza, excellent. Don't add too many toppings, you will disguise the great taste of the sauce and the dough. I suggest either plain or pepperoni.
Pretty good pizza, awesome wings and okay prices. This is one of the better pizza places around here. I will be ordering again from this place. Must try around the northside area.
Lots of memories from this place for me.  Their pizza may not be the best in the world but boy does it take me back to the 80's-90's and growing up in Pittsburgh.  I am slightly disappointed that they moved to a new location in Bellevue.  Their old one, while a bit dirty and run down, had quite the charm to it.  The new place looks too clean cut and it seems like they're trying to be something they're not, which is just a good old fashioned pizza joint.
Excellent pizza - although the mushrooms were from a can. But the crust , sauce and rest of toppings on the Sicilian pizza were delicious. Nice family friendly
A great little place. Delicious and affordable Italian food. Great salads and pasta. Try the pizza rolls!
Service was very good..calzone was excellent.
Best pizza in the North Boros.  I can't make a trip to the area without stopping at Luigi's.  When I was a kid, the man himself actually owned the place and made the pizza, but they've since moved to a new location under new ownership...but the pizza is still just as good.  I prefer the thin-crust, but the Sicilian is also excellent.  The fried zucchini is a favorite and the mozzarella sticks are great, too.  The calzones are tasty, but may cause a coronary-- if you expect more than a handful of spinach among cheese in the spinach calzone, you'll be disappointed.  Because it's Pittsburgh, the chicken salad comes with french fries.  I tend to opt for take-out, but there is also a mid-sized dining section.
Best all-meat pizza in the area.  Always done delivery, never eaten in the restaurant, so I can't speak to the dining experience.
I have been eating at Luigi's since before birth (my mom loves this stuff). The new location is nice, but I miss the coziness of the old place.  The food has been consistent through the transition, which happened a long while ago by the way. Also, I have read a few other reviews that said Luigi's has left but I talk with him every time I am in. Regardless this is a great family owned pizzeria and I recommend the calzone because it is generously stuffed with ricotta :).
Just ordered delivery from here. The soup was very good. I also would Recommend the specialty salad. I also was surprised at how quickly the order was delivered. It was delivered within a 1/2 an hour.
Luigi's is everything I expected it to be.  A decent place to order an authentic looking and  tasting pizza.  I usually prefer New York style and Luigi's offers it by the slice.  I also ordered lasagna off of their daily lunch menu .  I think there are at least 6 regularly featured menu items to choose from and a drink is included.  Luigi's has a large dining area or customers can walk up to the take out counter if they choose.
This is the McDonald's to end all McDonald's, in my book. Here's why:  ~ The Drive-Thru is crazy fast. ~ There are 2 Drive-Thru lanes to keep it crazy fast. ~ Even when they have to make my dog's special no-onion cheeseburger, they are crazy fast. ~ For years, they gave my family's dog Jamie free baby ice cream cones. Jamie didn't need many moments of excitement to be happy, but 'go for ride' was one of them, and 'ice cream time' was another. ~ The drive-thru staff is so sweet to my little pup Lucy when I take her to 'cheeseburger window'.  So, I guess what I'm saying is, this is the best McDonald's for dogs and their parents. And as someone who generally only visits McDonald's to reward my dog for good behavior after a vet visit, this McDonald's is just right.
Great convenient drive thru stop for coffee.  Double ordering stations minimize the wait time for your order.  Service is always pleasant and reliable.    I noticed that the dining room looks spacious and they have  an indoor play area for children.
Whether you live in Ben Avon Heights, Brighton Heights - or anywhere in between - I urge you to try China Sea.  It is quite simply the best local Chinese delivery.  The people on the phone are helpful and friendly.  The delivery is always quoted at 45 minutes, yet the food always arrives earlier and is always unbelievably hot and fresh.  Some favorites of ours are the Kung Pao shrimp, pork lo mein and hot and sour soup.  I don't mean to compare China Sea to the higher end Chinese restaurants in our area.  It is not Sesame Inn or China Palace; it is not a "date night out" sort of place. It most definitely is a cozy, inexpensive, good quality "stay in and relax" go to.  Hope this helps!  Enjoy!  ps A few final thoughts while we were going back for seconds; they only use all white meat chicken in their dishes. pps Always look at their online coupons, you will get something free!
For your run-of-the-mill Chinese place, China Sea does pretty well for itself. The food is good, and the people are very nice. The prices are reasonable, and I like that if you order over a certain amount, you can get something free with a coupon (listed on their site). They always say 45 min for delivery, but I've never had to wait more than 25-30 min.
i love china seas we order a lot love their sweet and sour chicen and their General Tso chicken they will mke it to your wants i cant eat spicy food but my son loves it so they will adjust it to your liking eggroll  are good woman that anwered the phone was very nice my food always arrives hot  love you china seas!
came back to Pittsburgh for a wedding and couldn't find anything in my price range close to the city until i found this motel...it was very affordable....room was okay...cable tv and a/c worked fine....
Small vet clinic just off of Rt. 65 in Avalon offers friendly service and extremely reasonable prices.  With the frequent visits for vaccinations that a puppy has to have, it's hard to find a place that won't break the bank while providing proper care for your dog.  Dr. Bigger has been great and I would certainly recommend Avalon Vet to any local pet lover.
I've had great experiences at the Avalon Veterinary Hospital.  We've taken our dog there for routine things (shots, ear care), and also for a mystery sickness which the vet was very involved with diagnosing and treating (she actually called to check up on him personally).  The staff remembered him and loved seeing him visit.    I've recently taken my cat here, who has a growth on his arm.  He has to have it removed, which Dr. Bigger explained can be done there and quoted me an EXTREMELY reasonable price.    I am so pleased with the services my pets have gotten at the Avalon Vet I wouldn't think of going elsewhere.  The staff and the vets are all extremely friendly and knowledgable.    The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that it location is pretty small, and the exam rooms are only divided by curtains (no doors).  Sometimes my cat gets pretty stressed if a dog is in the room next to him.
I've been taking my dog and cat here for years and I keep coming back. Just in there last night for a late evening appointment and the doc and the technician were both very helpful in walking me through some treatment options and also in recommending, based on my dog's age, which treatments were worth doing and, more importantly, which ones probably weren't.  Very happy with the service at the Avalon Veterinary Hospital.
I recently received an orchid as a gift from here, and it's lovely and bloomed quickly.  They do bouquets, corsages, spectacular arrangements, and also sell knickknack-type gifts if you need a last-minute present for grandma.  The staff is welcoming without hovering too much.  The prices are comparable to the grocery store florists, but Dietz offers more flair and fresher-looking flowers.
Don't let their name fool you!  This establishment specializes in other goods and gifts other than flowers..  They have a very nice collection of jewelry, clothing, handbags, seasonal decorations, and much more. There is even an antique store on the lower level of their shop.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They have regular open house events for the holiday season.  Very comfortable environment.
I was organizing a big luncheon at work and I thought fresh flower centerpieces would be nice.  I was pleased with the selection of loose flowers for customized arrangements.     I wanted to just pick a bunch of flowers and take them back to the office and arrange myself.   I had the pleasure of working with "Beth" at the store. She was extremely helpful during my visit to scope out the selection of flowers and the 2nd visit.  Not only were the prices great on the loose flowers .. some pieces of green were included - at no charge so my single flower centerpieces were complete!    On top of the great selection and customer service ..  I was able to stay well below budget.   If you are in the area I recommend checking out the store. There is a lot more than flowers.. plenty of unique gifts.  Everyone is so friendly too.    Thank you Fred Dietz Florist
In one word, unbelievable. Their cakes are incredibly delicious. Despite the 20 minute trip from my house, I purchase all my cakes from here. The cakes are incredibly moist and the butter cream icing is just the right amount of sweet. My favorite cake is a yellow cake with FUDGE icing (not chocolate but FUDGE)!! I've also had the raspberry filling and would recommend that as well. They are incredibly creative with their decorating of the cakes including wedding cakes but if you want something specialized (nonstandard icing, etc) be sure to call ahead and place your order in advance. Warning: Saturday mornings you will surely encounter a very, very long line whether picking up your order or just swinging by for some goodies.   Even better than their cakes are their petit-fours (chocolate with chocolate icing or white with vanilla icing). I've ordered them for bridal showers or just stopped by to pick one up for myself. They are the perfect size for one person (if you aren't on a diet). They do sell out of these so place an order ahead of time if you want a large order or stop by early in the morning to make sure you can get them.   I've gotten cookies from here and they were average. I think this is the best bakery in the Burgh for cakes but not necessarily all other pastries and breads.   The only reason I didn't rate the bakery 5 stars is their customer service which is borderline horrific. They are never friendly and whether you are calling to place an order or standing at the counter, they just want to get the order taken and move on to the next person in line. The cakes are good enough that I put up with the service but be forewarned.
Lincoln Bakery is great.  My family has been ordering cakes from here for years, and I always request one for my birthday each year.  We probably order about 10 cakes a year from Lincoln Bakery, and often it's the same one:  the simple and delicious chocolate cake with chocolate icing.  If you like chocolate cakes, try it, and I bet you'll like it.
Lincoln Bakery makes very delicious donuts, pastries, and desserts. Their bread selection, however, was very limited and upon making our choice the quality of the bread was mediocre. We were also disappointed that many of the things in the shop are not labeled and when the store is busy it can be difficult to find staff to explain what different options are. Still, this should be a go to for a local bakery if you are looking for something sweet.
I'd give this a true 3.5, but am rounding up in good faith. I walked in to get an iced cake for a going away party. I knew I might have to sacrifice quality because I didn't place a call-ahead order.  The cake was delicious--icing was creamy and not too sweet. I was happy there were about 5 different pre-made cakes I could choose from: vanilla, chocolate and marble in pink, blue and green styles. Workers were friendly and helpful. (Lady said the burnt almond torte was a customer favorite so I'll be back to try!)  What I was disappointed with was the icing job. Felt like I could have done a better job with spacing and lettering than the worker who helped me. She may have been inexperienced but I expect someone working at a bakery to at least be able to write the basics. Feel like it ruined an otherwise lovely cake.   There was a wide selection of cookies, cakes (large and individual sizes) and fresh-baked donuts. I'll be back to try more from this local bakery, just be wary about getting cakes iced on the spot!
Lincoln Bakery is a top notch bakery in the Pittsburgh area which I feel is on par with other high ranking bakeries in the area such as Prantls and Oakmont Bakery.  I love that they have slices of many of their cakes and cheesecakes available for individual purchase.  I purchased an assortment of these to take to a dinner party and they were all gobbled up and it was a great way to allow everyone to try small bites of a variety of treats.  My personal favorite was the Chocolate Mousse cake because I love chocolate and it was sweet without being overly sweet, creamy, with the right balance of sweet and bitter from the chocolate.  I also sampled the tiramisu which was delicate with just a hint of espresso and the cream was perfect.  The best thing was that while the desserts were all obviously sweet they weren't so sweet that it was sickening as I've experienced with more commercial cakes from grocery or big box stores.  The other cakes that I bought and all of which the dinner attendees loved were the lemon cake, the oreo cheesecake, one called the sweet spot that had chocolate and peanut butter, and finally a white cake with chocolate frosting.  It is close to my neighborhood so I will definitely return the next time that I need baked goods for a special occasion.  They are closed on Sunday, but the great thing is that they have extended hours the rest of the week until 8 PM M-F and until 7 PM on Saturdays.
We got our wedding cake from here and had TONS of compliments on it.  It was very delicious.  My biggest complaints when it comes to cake, is when it is dried out, but that was definitely not the case here.  The icing was phenomenal too.  I hate when icing is too sugary and sweet, but once again Lincoln bakery didn't disappoint.   Since I currently live in Bellevue, we often times take a walk down here on our Saturday mornings in the warm months to pick out a delicious breakfast treat.  We've had their coffee cakes, their donuts, muffins, cinnamon rolls,  and plenty of other things.  They've all been pretty good.  They're never anything out of this world or amazing, but good, solid, bakery products, and since the prices are so wonderful, I really can't complain.  Actually, while I'm writing this review, I'm starting to think maybe a walk this coming Saturday is in order for breakfast.  mmmmm
Although I did not end up purchasing my Tires here, they quickly remedied a situation when I expressed my unhappiness.
This is a pretty decent Arby's, and given the condition of the other fast food restaurants on this stretch of Ohio River, it practically reaches exceptional.  The dining room is clean and nicely modern.  The service is friendly.  I don't think I've ever had a bad experience.
I love to shop at Kuhns!  the meat is always good and priced well.  the specials are great!  my only problem is there is no public restroom..  a few times I had to go very badly on a large shopping trip and had to leave and run up the street to a restaurant and come back and finish my shopping...
Wow. An actual neighborhood grocery store. Not the wannabe monopoly monster bird ripping people off left and right, but an actual neighborhood grocery store.  If you're seeking the gourmet fancy-schmancy, or the self-restrictive dietary vegan-gluten-free blah blah blah, your choices may be a little more limited, but if you're a 'normal' eater, it's a grocery store that has all of the basics and a few frills. No one will speak to you with a fake Hampton accent dahhhhhling, and you won't find a wine-tasting class with a gourmet fritter exhibition.  What you will find are regular folk who are helpful and (mostly) friendly, the usual grocery store variety of necessities and non-necessities, a nicely stocked and priced meat and produce case, a deli counter with the usual meats and cheeses and a variety of prepared foods, baked goods. It's clean and tidy, and you can stock your fridge and pantry as you see fit, and with a pleasant 'How ya doin'?'  Kuhn's still does the double-coupon thing, and they have some pretty good sales - ten boxes of pasta for ten bucks, the weekly soda sales - three fridge packs for nine bucks beats monster bird's $12.  Now I will say that on occasion, it will feel a little like you've somehow been sucked into deep Appalachia in regard to some of the clientele, but that's pretty much everywhere in da burgh that's on the 'outskirts'. Sometimes I look around me and half expect to find a rusty 1950's pick up truck full of goats in the parking lot, or a trailer park nearby.  I generally do my 'staple' shopping at Aldi, and my meat needs in the Strip, but for a nearby quick fill in, unless it's an ingredient for a specialty recipe, Kuhn's is great for the 'Oh crap - I need' kind of trip.  And quite frankly, as nice as they are, and decently priced as they are, this small business deserves our business more than the cut throat monster bird.
I enjoy my trips to Kuhn's Market for a variety of reasons.  First of all, it is super convenient .  Secondly, its a journey into my past when most  grocery stores were set up like this and I would see neighbors encountering  other neighbors who gladly took the time to find out how each other's families were doing  This  hometown feel is priceless... Thirdly, I usually find exactly what I need for just about the same amount of money I spend elsewhere.  This community is well served with the presence and dedication of Kuhn's Market and it's employees.
Rating this store is tough because I want to give it a 5...I really do. Huge selection of clothing, housewares, electronics and furniture, but NO FITTING ROOMS!  Yes, you read that correctly. No fitting rooms. Are you kidding me?!?! It doesn't completely overshadow the fact that they have great items, but when 95% of what you offer is clothing, you've got to have a few rooms for people to try stuff on!  The clothing is organized by style and color, not by size, so be ready to dig. Same thing with the shoes.  I asked a staff member where to try on clothing and she directed me to the back corner of the store where there were two long mirrors hanging side by side on the wall, directly in front of the kitchen section. I was slightly confused for a minute and then realized that was my only option. I decided against even peeking at any pants or blouses and instead went for jackets and sweaters I could easily try on over my shirt.   Now, the mirrors are directly side-by-side, so if there are two people trying things on over their clothes (so weird), you're going to be right up on top of them. Not to mention you'll be right on top of people browsing through the kitchen section.  A lady I was chatting with told me that she has seen women come in wearing tight fitting shirts/tank tops and spandex tights (hey, those are somehow socially acceptable as pants in public now, anyway!) so they are able to easily try everything on over their clothing (still weird).  As annoyed as I was about the fitting room situation, I will probably make a trip out there again in the future to browse based solely on the size of the store. I just might have to wear some spandex.
I can't believe I've been here multiple times and haven't reviewed it yet.  I absolutely love this place.  It's a super thrift store if you will.  No matter when I come here, I always find something.  It quite the experience.  I always make sure it's a day when I am off of work because I can literally spend hours here just looking.  It's a good thing that I do this, you can't just show up here and think that you will be able to gran an item and then leave.    Like a fellow reviewer said, there are not fitting rooms here, so be prepared to walk into someone trying on a potential great new garment for them self in the middle of an aisle.  Sometimes you just can't avoid this, I blame the fact that they have mirrors set up throughout stores.  They have everything you can seem to desire here.  Clothing to electronics, furniture to bedding, books to movies.  EVERYTHING is under this roof.  *Cash only, ATM on premise.
This is the go-to thrift store for the family. We've managed to find about everything we need from cast iron skillets to Yankee candle to clothes for the whole family. The reason I am giving it only four stars is because sometimes the prices are a little high, especially if they aren't on sale on the white board up front.
Hooray for the Red, White & Blue!  There are some great bargains here, especially if you shop their sale items.  Make sure you look at their sign as you enter to determine which color tags are on sale.  Also, Wednesday is Senior Citizens Appreciation Day (55 years of age and  older), so look for additional savings on Wednesdays if you qualify.  This store was remodeled several years ago, and at that time they especially improved and expanded the parking lot.  If you dig through their large inventory, you will always find a bargain.  Come back in a couple of weeks, their inventory changes quickly.  Clothes are arranged by Men/Women/Children, color, and size, so that helps your search.    Uh oh, no fitting rooms, which can be a draw back, but the prices are pretty good...so it's worth the risk.  Check items closely for holes and flaws.  They have an annoying recorded announcement about what happens when tags are removed, but other than that, the store is pretty pleasant and well lit.  Cash only.
This is my go-to place for bargain hunting and recycling and it's a great place to shop for a wide variety of cool items at mostly great prices. Come early and stay late on half off day cause you never know what you'll find but be prepared for the crowds. Checkout lines are fast moving and store staff are always helpful. I can't wait to shop again.
This is one of the true sleepers of "neighborhood Pittsburgh." Since 1979, this "diner/family restaurant" has been serving excellent breakfasts and home-cooked dinners. The staff has been there as long.  They have some of the best fresh-brewed iced tea in the city. They also have my favorite pancakes. If you're looking for a cheap, low key, dependable place to go, come home at 8 o'clock one evening, sit in the window, and especially around the holiday season, I assure you that it will be one of the best "old time" meals you'll ever have.   I hate its name, but I love the Rusty Nail.
I've been going here since I was a wee tot.  I have always enjoyed their food even though there's nothing too special about it.  I really like their breakfast menu.  You always seem to get lots of food for very little money, which is nice.    My only complaint is that it is WAY TOO SMALL and always very busy.  They should really look at expanding the restaurant.
I ate here this past Sunday morning for breakfast with my girlfriend.  I have been by this place many times and was excited to finally make it inside.  We were lucky that we went fairly early as a line developed shortly after we were seated at our table.  The Rusty Nail is prepared for this in a pretty cool way though as they have a list outside of the restaurant that you can sign into as well as some coffee to partake of while you wait.  For my entree I decided to go with one of the specials for the day which was the Rusty Nail omelet while my girlfriend decided on another special which was the a mushroom, spinach and feta junior omelet.  Her omelet is self explanatory while mine had in it some salami, cheese and three pieces of sliced pepperoni on top of it.  It was readily apparent that the pepperoni was not the cheap kind that you get on most pizzas as it had more flavoring and tasted much better.  Both omelets came with sides of home fries and toast for which we both ordered deli rye.  The junior omelet tasted good as the sourness of the feta played nicely with earthy mushrooms while the spinach made it feel like I was eating healthy.  My omelet was just as good if not better than the junior omelet as the cheese and meats combined to make it seem like I was almost eating a pizza.  Some of my hash browns were slightly overcooked and they had too many onions for my taste but we still decent enough to be a side to the main show.  The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Everything that I tasted was good and I would not hesitate to take any of my friends here for a breakfast.
I had one of the breakfast specials and it was fantastic. There was also a continuous flow of coffee, which is always nice. Probably just missed the church crowd so it wasn't too busy either. Definitely a good breakfast spot.
The first time we went here assuming by the name that it must be a dive bar. We were disappointed, but we were also hungry so we ordered dinner. It was just nothing special pretty typical greasy diner food. While there we couldn't help but notice all the articles and awards on the wall stating this was one of Pittsburgh's best breakfast spots. So, sometime later, on a hungover morning after a wedding some of my boyfriends friends were staying with me and wanted to get some breakfast and I thought let's check out that rusty nail again. What a great decision. I think we all got one of the specials and they were all delicious. Mine came with some kind of homemade hash brown patties that were amazing. The only downside is they only take cash (that's not uncommon around here) but they have an atm. Also there is often a wait on the weekends but for us it wasn't very long and they have free coffee outside for you while you wait. Well ok one more thing the actual restaurant is very small and kinda lop-sided but hey I'd rather have a cheap delicious breakfast in a shitty place than pay more for a nicer atmosphere.
On our recent visit to Pittsburgh my family and I had breakfast at the Rusty Nail in Bellevue (dad's hometown).  The place is on the main street, Lincoln Ave (or up street as my family called it).  They were quite busy on a Saturday morning but we only waited about 5-10 minutes for a table.  I enjoyed a sausage omelet with American cheese and my husband had a Denver omelet.  The omelets were well prepared and served with toast.  Potatoes were and extra $2.29, but a serving of potatoes was enough for two.  Breakfast for four adults was about $50 including tip.  All adults had coffee or tea and a full breakfast.  The service was friendly and prompt on the day we were there and coffee refills were offered readily.  It is cramped quarters, but typical for neighborhood non-diner breakfast joints in urban areas.  We had a great diner breakfast in homey surroundings.  We will definitely go back when visiting Pittsburgh.
The food at Joe's Rusty nail is GREAT. As the pictures will show, the servings/portions are plentiful. The service is quick, and the staff personable. I went there for breakfast AND everyone in our group left sated!! As always I had my kid carnivores in tow, and as is their custom they laid waste to EVERYTHING edible that was put before them. While they are a TAD (and I do mean tad)  bit pricey I believe that the food is more than worth it. The clientele (what I can only believe are Bellevue regulars) are polite and inviting. My breakfast was made well, tasted great, and dressed pretty as a picture. I will tell you this is not my first rusty nail rodeo and lord willing it will not be my last. As I say I vote with my feet and my USD, and the staff at rusty nail can sleep well tonight knowing that my hard earned cash, will continue to flow at Joe's and my feet will continue to bring me there hopefully more often than not!!
Wanted to try this neighborhood brunch spot and popped in this weekend. It's cash only and seat yourself so don't just stand there when you walk in like we did. There's no hostess station so pick a table and sit down. Blend! We sat down next to an elderly gentleman reading the newspaper in his Steelers' Starters jacket. That's the type of brunch place this is.  Prices are very reasonable: basic breakfasts (eggs, pancakes, omlettes) weren't over $6.95 and even the specials were only $8 or $9.  I got the eggs benedict which is my go-to, however I didn't care for this version. Instead of hollandaise sauce, the dish comes with CHEESE sauce. Not my favorite that it came on a thin English muffin either, but our potatoes were good. (Two options: deep fried and pan fried with onions. We got both and thought the deep fried were best. Can you blame us?!)  Total bill for 2 came to $20. I'm looking forward to going back and trying some of their other breakfasts!
Great home style breakfast, sandwiches and dinner. Joe has something great going on here. Waitresses have been there for years as well, and they are very good.
The Rusty Nail is a neighborhood diner-style restaurant that serves Pittsburgh-centric comfort foods.  Meatloaf, pasta, and hot roast beef all grace the menu.  I came here with my dad who ordered a hot roast beef, and I ordered a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs.  Both meals were right around $10 and delicious.  The portions were huge, and the waitstaff was very friendly.  I'm guessing it was the owner, but a nice guy came around asking everyone how their food was and making small talk.  Nice touch.
Go there to get some authentic home made breakfast ! They have breakfast special and price is very reasonable !
The place to go to if you are hungry for a home cooked meal yet lack the time and energy to prepare it yourself.  Traditional meals feature meatloaf, roast beef and are served with all the trimmings. The dining room is small with plenty of staff on hand. I noticed a good bit of warm conversations taking place among the staff and the regular customers. Probably not the place to go if you prefer having a private conversation during your meal. Cash only but there is an ATM available.
I went to this location for the first time today. I must say that I left satisfied and full. I ordered the steak omelet it was very good. Wait staff very good. Will go back again.
Been here for breakfast a few times.  My new go-to place as I just moved to the area.  As someone else mentioned it's seat yourself and cash only.  Breakfast has always been good with large portions.  My boyfriend and I usually end up splitting something and getting an extra order of cheesy potato puffs (which are amazing).  Eggs Benedict is usually my breakfast out choice but I wasn't crazy over the cheese sauce.  Everything else I've had here has been delicious though.  The staff is always pleasant and quick.  Great little diner!
Staff is very friendly, daily specials, comfort food, simple, flavor, and plenty! I should have stopped half way to try a desert.  Cash only is not a problem. Bring your own or use the ATM. Will definitely recommend and come back.
This is a little neighborhood restaurant with home cooked meals. The staff is polite and friendly. The place is small and can be noisy when packed. I'd say probably not good for larger groups.  My food was great, liver and onions topped with bacon. I got two sides, French onion soup and potato pancakes. Everything was bomb. My fiance got meatloaf, which she said was alright and looked more like a Salisbury steak. They also serve you a basket of some fresh bread with butter.   Overall it's a good place to get a home cooked meal for a great price.
I am a big fan of this little ice cream place.  You can get both hard and soft ice cream, so that satisfies myself and my daughter.  They also have funnel cakes for my daughter that doesn't care for ice cream.  The place is small but there is always a line and the DJ outside plays the best oldies while you wait.
I fell in love with this place as soon as we pulled up and saw the lights strung up and  oldies coming from the speakers!   I tried the banana cream pie hard ice cream, their scoops are very generous!!   My bf got the peach cobbler hard ice cream and that was to die for! We got 4 servings of ice cream for $10, which nowadays is a steal IMO! :)   I'll definitely be heading back with my coworkers this week!
My family makes an event out of going to Remember When to see Doo-wop Dan on Saturday nights during the summer. I usually go for the small cone, which is comparable to most other ice cream place's large. The large cone is so large that is doesn't fit out of the window, they have to bring it out the side door!   The ice cream is good, the portions are generous, and the atmosphere (almost) makes you forget you are in Windgap.  I highly recommend stopping by on a Saturday night to see Dan, listen to some oldies, and enjoy some ice cream!
I didn't know what to expect when I came here thinking this was an actual ice cream shop where it is actually an ice cream stand.  There are signs posted on the wall telling you not to use your cellphone when you are ordering, They accept credit cards not debit with a minimal $10.00 purchase. That is never a problem for me since my banking cards have both options attached to them. They also won't service you if you are in line straddling a bike.  The size of the cones they serve are reminiscent of Isaly's. Prices are reasonable for the quantity you get. Believe me when I say unless you are very hungry order a small. It is huge!  in addition to soft serve cones and cups they also offer hard ice cream in various flavors. I got to chat with the owner Mary who makes these flavors up herself and adds her own special touch to them. Yes, you can sample them. Since I prefer hard ice cream I settled for two scoops of Black Forest ice cream complete with cherries. She offered me a lid and explained the things the business does.  In addition to selling ice cream and the usual flare every Fri and Sun evenings when it is nice they have a DeeJay come out and play music from the 50s. Once a month they have a special event. Recently they had a group of students from CMU come out and teach people how to line dance. They have a car cruise in the works. More information she told me can be found either on their website or Facebook page.  My ice cream was very good and quite filling! There are a couple of picnic tables you can sit at if you wish. There isn't very much parking in the area. They also have a rewards card. You must spend a minimum of $3.00 to get a hole punch and then after 10 punches you get $1.00 off your purchase.  They also have ice cream for purchase if you want a quart, half gallon, etc. Costs a bit more than the grocery stores but hey if it's good then it's worth the money to me.  This place is close to home so I definitely plan to return to check out more of the offerings. Next time I may bend and try a soft cone dipped in chocolate. So much to choose from. Definitely 4 1/2 stars in my book.
Good selection, but it will cost you. Multiple fridges of cold beer, but only the cheap beer is cold. Nice in person, but rude on the phone. Parking lot, but none of the customers understand how to park.  Every good thing about this place is equaled with a bad thing about this place - hence it probably deserves 3 stars. I would really give it a 3.5 if available as this is currently my beer distributor of choice, but since its not possible I have to go with 4.  Why 4 you ask, when I just went through all that 3 star crap? Any place that offers beer samples provided by attractive women gets a half star boost for sure, and as long as I'm going there anyway it really makes for a more interesting trip.  After all, if you don't like free beer, you are probably a terrorist.
My beer distributor of choice - and there are others located closer to me.  Let's be clear, it is no frills, cases of beer stacked up, limited cases in the cooler.  Selection is ok - if I were looking for something obscure - I wouldn't count on them having it.  But they are helpful and efficient.  They have convenient hours and parking**.  Also they helped me out in a keg emergency that saved a party.  Service in a jam earns my loyalty.  **Note - most of their customers have no idea how to park in said parking lot.
Great selection.  HOWEVER, only the cheap beers I've never admit to drinking are kept in the coolers.  So if you want local microbrews, seasonals, or even Blue Moon, you're going to want to leave time to chill the bottles before your next shindig.  Having only acquired a taste for beer while living in Tennessee--where beer can be bought in grocery stores, gas stations, and shady alleys--the prices seem steep to me.  But I don't have much experience buying alcohol off-premise in PA, so I'm only deducting one star here.  There is a parking lot, but it's small and everyone parks crookedly, so good luck  with that.
Ok. Full disclosure: I know NOTHING about beer. I'm a wine girl, or a hard-booze girl, but NEVER a beer girl. And yet somehow, I wind up being the girl who is sent out to buy beer for the party full of random people at our house who all like different beer.  Here's a rundown of what happened on a recent night that this occurred at Pistella's:  Me: ::wanders around for 15 minutes overwhelmed with beer choices, before giving up and going to the register:: Dude working at Pistella's: Need help? Me: Yes. I do not drink this stuff, but everyone coming to my house tonight does. Help! Dude: Any idea what your friends like? Me: Umm... my husband likes to drink Dos Equis. My one friend likes 'lighter' beers. Oh, and I am broke because I just bought a lot of chips and salsa at Whole Foods. Dude: Girl just follow me. Here, we are having a sale on the Dos Equis variety pack. That has something for all of your friends. It even has a Christmas beer to make everyone get in the holiday spirit! You will be the hero of the party! And I will carry this to the register for you and everything. Me: Thank you! My friends, later that night: Girl you rock. We are all happy with this beer, and that leaves more vodka for you!  So that is why I choose Pistella's when I am sent out on beer run: because there are cool dudes working there who will help me not come home with a case of Jacob's Best. (Nor does anyone give me crap for not understanding beer - I like that!)
Ha! The parking lot is good, and yet nobody can ever park properly or politely! This is a good distributor that is conveniently located, well-stocked, and has friendly staff. It is a little unfortunate that the only cases that are kept in the cooler are the less exotic beers, but their selection is fairly broad, and the space is small, so I won't dwell too much on that. Overall, a decent beer shop, as long as we are shackled to the idea of the distributor here in PA.
My second stop on my quest to explore beer distributors in my neighborhood, and the best of the two!  You won't find super obscure beers here in general, and I didn't look for Belgians, but they had plenty of IPAs for me to choose from.  Ithaca Flower Power, Loose Canon, Lagunitas IPA, Full Pint Chinookie and TriPA, and more.  I believe I even saw some Green Flash.  However, I went with a case of Lagunitas Sucks!, not an IPA per-se, but a beer that's been hard to find anywhere and has a 98 "world class" score on Beer Advocate.  It set me back $40 ($42.79 with tax).  My trip was complete with the neighborhood smelly drunk asking me where the $10 case on sale was, the college dude looking for the same thing, and another man apologizing for accidentally complaining about bedroom issues with the gf within my hearing.  I considered all of this a plus.  Great atmosphere, and the staff was friendly too, though I only needed help in wanting less beer.  I'll probably be back for some Flower Power in a week or two.  I also experienced the joke that no one knows how to park in their parking lot - heck, I was probably one of those people.  The lot is a weird shape!  Best Bloomfield/Friendship/Shadyside area distributor so far.
We are fans of Pistella Beer Distributors simply because we needed beer one night while visiting some friends and family in Pittsburgh and they happened to be on the way to something we were doing.  It's a hole in the wall kind of facade but they do have a good selection.  I don't remember the price being that expensive but looking at the average review so far...it shows $$$$.  I'm sure they have some nice stuff, but we just got a case of beer (I think one of those Magic Hat variety packs) and it seemed similar to what we would pay in the other stores.  Anyway, we had a good experience with this place and don't really have anything bad to say about them.
This is my go-to distributer. They have a great selection and lots of hard to find brews. I haven't noticed that it's any more expensive than going elsewhere but honestly if I don't buy here then I'm buying six packs which as we all know are a huuugggge rip off. So any time I have a case of something I love I feel like I'm getting a bargain. The cold selection does suck so I try to plan ahead and have what I need already cold. Staff here are all very helpful- and will have recommendations if you ask.
Love these guys! I have a huge picnic every year for my job, and I always use Pistella for my beverages.  They're nice folks, always get the order right, and it's on time.  I've also been to the store itself many times, and they do indeed have a great selection.
We have multiple restaurant locations and they have always been kind to us regarding deliveries and they are always quite punctual for same day service. Good prices. Some good crafts.   Not a fancy place, so don't expect the red carpet. Just good beer with good service.
Pistella's is a cool little beer distributor!  There isn't much parking nearby. My favorite thing about them is that they often have a good selection of marked down beer in the front of the store, to the right when you walk in.  If you're a cheapskate like me, then this would be as far as you need to go once inside lol!
after trying a couple groomers in Pittsburgh, we found Animal Elegance. They always took good care of our poodle. Clean poodle feet and an even cut.  You should try them too.
Animal Elegance is not much on the outside but the owner was very nice & LISTENED to how I wanted my teacup poodle groomed and used the products that I requested. I was very happy with my services and I will return.   My poodles groom was $50,including tip, which I think is very reasonable.
I just moved to Pittsburgh and I  took the word of other reviewers when making my decision to give Animal Elegance a try. My two standard poodles looked GREAT and seemed very happy after our visit! I would have given Amy and her crew five stars but the price was a good deal more than I am used to paying. I had hoped to come back every two to three weeks but it is just too expenseive for that. I may have to find another groomer for touch ups in between visits to Animal Elegance. I feel like this is similar to a "special occasion" retaurant: One where you would go all the time if the price was just a bit lower for regular customers....
My Kingston cooper is a havanese and is a goofy handful and they handled him well. I loved his hair cut. I changed from a different groomer to here. He's only been here once about a month ago but I loved it and we will definitely be coming back. Done in a timely manner and I love the cat that walks around and so does Kingston cooper he has 2 cats himself so he felt right at home. We will be back soon. And it's not far from my house so perfect location. Thanks guys for doing a wonderful job!!!
This is my go to place to get my Yorkiepoo groomed. The surrounding area looks a little "sad", but let's face it, lots of areas look like that here in Pittsburgh. Inside, however, the place appears newer and well kept. My dog has gotten consistently good haircuts here and she's always in a good mood when I pick her up. That's a keeper in my books! Oh, and the cost is about $45-50, which I'd say is average for most groomers I've gone to.
I wound up here the other night after walking down the street because of a 45 minute wait at Point Brugge Cafe.  While my friends and I were leery of the prices on the menu, the owner cajoled us into coming inside and were seated right away.  I'm glad he did!  The menu is rather expansive, but mainly focuses on Italian fare with an occasional jab at the more popular Pointe Brugge up the street: mussels and fries.  It happened to be lasagna night.  Because I am used to the home cooked variety, I had a hard time shelling out $18 for lasagna.  I selected the wild mushroom and spinach option and it also came with the soup of the day, which happened to be gumbo.  Both were very good.  The gumbo had a very earthy taste along with good amounts of sausage, jumbo lump crab, and risotto mixed in.  Rather than being the layered the lasagna was one giant noodle, the size of the entire plate, stuffed with a generous amount of mushrooms and spinach folded over itself with marinara and cheese.  Didn't get a chance to try dessert.  Both items I had were rather tasty, and I would easily come back here for a great meal.
It's a shame that some of the other reviewers had poor experiences. I discovered Pino's after deciding that the wait for Point Brugge simply wasn't worth it.  The brunch was very good, I enjoyed the atmosphere, particularly the "missing" wall which gives the appearance of outdoor seating, and particularly liked not having to sit shoulder-to-shoulder with other people.  My sole comment would be that the owner, who was very friendly, should let his food speak for itself rather than being so concerned about the neighborhood competition.
I must admit that the first time I went to Pino's (about 6 months ago), I was NOT a fan for several reasons.  However, after coming home from brunch, the experience was enough to not only completely change my mind, but to keep me coming back.  My boyfriend had the scallops and I have the pino benedict (eggs benedict, of course).  My boyfriend literally looked like he was having a religious experience with the scallops.  His eyes were closed, he was moaning, and it took him about 25 minutes to eat 3 scallops.  He said it was the first time in his life that he ever wanted to take so much time to chew his food. My dish was delicious and the in-house made bread was fresh and savory.    Overall, I am very pleased with the lunch menu and the range of dishes that are available.  We'll definitely be back for brunch.
In similar fashion to Joseph S. I, too, decided to give Pino's a shot once we saw how packed nearby Point Brugge, which had initially drawn our party due to its reputation, was. It was a relatively nice evening, and I thought the concept of fresh-air dining was too good to pass us by. We were immediately greeted by Jen, one of the co-owners, as we entered. I made it a point to compliment the beautiful inlaid tile in our tabletop, and she volunteered some additional information about their production that I found to be very interesting.   I really loved the bistro burger. I requested it to be prepared "Medium", and sure enough it lived up to my expectations---you'd be surprised how many times I've ordered a medium burger only to have it served well-done and nearly bone-dry at other restaurants. Nicole, our waitress, proved her weight in gold when she reassured me that gorgonzola would be a good cheese to accompany the bacon on the burger. We also ordered the macaroni & cheese as an appetizer. I thought the ziti was a bit dry, but the sauce and cheese were delicious. We really loved the bread and the garlic butter spread. I was hoping for an oil & vinegar blend to have with the bread, but the spread served as a surprisingly tasty alternative. My partner's ravioli looked delicious, and he let me try one of his meatballs, which I found to have that "homemade" flavor that's difficult to find at many restaurants. Our friend loved her arugula salad, and as a seafood aficionado I was impressed by the very generous size of the shrimp she had. Our service was prompt---our water glasses had barely gone half-empty before our waitress scurried over to replenish them.   Overall we loved our experience and WILL be back! We were told about Pino's legendary Sunday brunches, and I look forward to trying one myself the next Sunday I have off from work.
Enjoyed a wonderful evening eating outdoors on a perfect Pittsburgh spring night.  The charcuterie plate worked well as an appetizer for 3 and included a fantastic balsamic dressing.  I had the best pasta and white clam sauce I've ever experienced, and the other members of our party enjoyed their entrees, as well.  Nice find in the Point Breeze neighborhood.
this place had a great selection. The mussels were outstanding and the staff was very professional!!. TRY IT YOU WILL LIKE IT!!!!!
I went to Pino's to celebrate a friends birthday on a Thursday night.  I hadn't been in Pino's since they renovated, but I have to say that they made the interior beautiful.  We made reservations, but I don't think we would have needed them since there was just a few other parties seated when we came in.    My two girlfriends and I always have a tough time deciding what to order...so naturally we order one of everything that looks good.  We started with the Charcuterie platter, which was a mix of absolutely delicious prosciutto, capicola, and soppressata with a bit of veggies and mozzarella.  This was an impressive way to start out the meal.  We all wanted to try the seasonal ravioli, which was pumpkin (too tempting for three certified pumpkin fanatics), so we got an order to share as an appetizer.  This was unlike other pumpkin ravioli I've had...very pumpkiny.  The ravioli was good, although we all agreed that we wouldn't have been able to eat a whole order.  It was very sweetly spiced and I was missing a little bit of savory with the dish.    I ordered the grilled sausage pizza for my entree, and was pleased with it.  I admittedly never get too excited about pizza, and this was good, but nothing that I was dreaming about later that night.  Overall, the food was a 3-4 for me.    The service was outstanding.  Our waiter was very welcoming and knowledgable.  My friends got dessert, and when the chef (I assume Chef Pino?) came over to ask how it was, my friend jokingly said that it was delicious, but would be perfect with a bit of sauce.  Before she could take another bite, he whisked both of the desserts away and added fresh strawberries and sauce, saying that he would be serving the dish that way for now on.  Talk about service!  The whole experience was fantastic, service gets a 5.    Added bonus:  Awesome beer selection, some brews I haven't seen.  Only place I've been that had East End Homewood Reserve on tap for me to try (exciting for a beer dork like me, and it is tasty, by the way).
I ate here this past Friday with my girlfriend and two other dining companions.  We decided to come here because it was Pittsburgh restaurant week and they offered a special 3 course $30 fixed price menu with 2 course wine pairing for $12.  It ended up being a small little restaurant in the middle of Point Breeze which I had been past many times previously but never really noticed.  The restaurant was swamped whenever we got there, probably due to a combination of it being Friday night and restaurant week, so thankfully we had made reservations and were seated almost immediately.  I decided to start off my meal with a salad while my girlfriend had the tomato garlic bisque.  My salad was good and came with goat cheese, pears and a vinaigrette which all tasted nicely.  It was nothing amazing but I think it takes a really special salad to be amazing.  I also tried my girlfriends bisque and unsurprisingly found it to be a bit tomato-y since I do not enjoy tomatoes very much but she really enjoyed it.  For my entree I decided to get two small plates instead of a larger entree and settled on the mac n cheese and fish tacos.  The tacos were a bit sloppy/wet but had some nice flavors (cilantro, aoili and pico) in them along with some chili sauce that gave it a nice little kick.  My mac n cheese came out in its own little cast iron type pot and was good.  There was an adequate amount of cheese throughout and I liked that they even had some ricotta buried inside the dish.  I was also able to try the Arrabbita that one of our dining companions had ordered.  Wow was it good and it packed quite the spicy punch too.  Immediately I regretted not ordering it although I still did enjoy my two small plates.  For my dessert course I ended up having the White Chocolate Creme Brulee.  My girlfriend decided upon the tiramisu while another at our table had the peaches and puff pastry.  All of the desserts seemed large and made sure that we did not go home hungry!  My creme brulee tasted decently and ended up being a good finish to my meal.  The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Their regular menu seemed reasonably priced and everything that I had tried throughout the night was good.
I decided to try Pino's due to the restaurant week special and boy am I glad that I did! My husband and I made reservations for four on Friday night. We were seated almost immediately on the lovely outdoor patio area. It was a great night to be outside. Although the restuarant is small, the ambiance is wonderful. I could tell thet the guests around me were enjoying themselves as well.  The table decided to order the 3 course menu for 30$ because of the large amount of options. We each decided on a different entree so that we were able to share and get a good idea of all the restaurant has to offer. I started off with a mixed green salad with grileld pears, walnuts and goat cheese. The pears had a nice smokeyness about them that complimented the sweet vinagarette. For my entree, I chose the Arrabiata with rigatoni. The dish was very good but much more spicy than I had expected. I feel that they should have informed me of this or explained the spice level on the menu. Luckily, I enjoy spicy food but I was unable to finish the entree due to the spice level. It was slightly less spicy when I finished it for lunch the next day. My husband had the veal and risotto which he loved. For dessert, I orderedthe peach mille feuille. The portion size was enormous and the peaches were ripe and tasty. However, the marscapone filling hardly tasted of marscapone. I had the opportunity to try my husband's white chocolate tiramisu and was pleasantly surprised by the light but still rich flavors. Our dinner guests also seemed to enjoy their choices as well.   Overall, I would definitely recommend Pino's for a nice, romantic date night out in Point Breeze. However, I wish they offered the 3 course menu as a regular feature.
The fresh-baked bread and sun-dried tomato puree is outstanding. We started with the crab cakes, which was one of the lightest I've had. I could eat a vat of the lemon aioli itself. We followed with veal and ricotta meatballs that were perfectly cooked. We finished with their Italian fries. I would order these every single time now that I've had them once. Twice cooked, herbs, garlic confit, basil aioli--every single element of the dish is fantastic.  If you plan on visiting, then make sure you have some time to really take in the drink list and menu. There are always a handful of new, recommended wines to try and a signature cocktail of the week (which, might I add, is usually extremely fun and concocted with unique ingredients). I am impressed with the cleanliness, decor, and ambiance of the restaurant. I love the feel when the French doors are completely open.   I also enjoyed our bartender, Eamonn, who was funny, polite, and attentive. He is also a master of not only creating fresh, new, tasty cocktails but, simply, understands the right way to mix and serve a drink.  Overall, I would love to keep Pino's as our little secret but would urge you to try it too!
I had read some mixed reviews but I honestly don't understand the negative feedback. This was our first time and we found street parking right around the corner. We made the 7:00 reservations only 2 days in advance and the place was about half full when we got there and very full by 8:00 with some folks eating at the bar. We were seated within minutes at a great table near the front window. It was nice and private so we could talk with our friends. Water and bread was on the table within minutes with drinks shortly behind. we ordered the beans and green and italian fries as appetizers, The beans and greens were good but I've had better, The italian fries, which seemed to be fries with flash fried kale and garlic with a pesto mayo were unbelievably good. I had the Del Sol pasta and it was very flavorful, though a little salty. The chicken was very moist and the sauce was very good. My husband had the cacciatore special and said the chicken was very good but they sauce could have been a bit more flavorful. The service was very good the entire night, I would like to go back, and try the pizza or flat bread.
I went with ladies of Dine & Dish to Pino's in January. It was good, solid food.  It is located in the quaint neighborhood of Point Breeze. The service was a bit lacking but it got the job done.
Great neighborhood spot. The staff is attentive and friendly. The food is awesome and the ambiance is perfect.   We had a great experience here. The mussels were flavorful and my steak main course was perfect.   I totally recommend Pino's.
One of my favorite places to eat while in Pittsburgh. If your in the shady side area or Bakery Square area this is one of the place you need to check out. Great service..great food..great people.
GREAT neighborhood restaurant, with charming atmosphere and awesome food! Only possible complaint could be that the Lamb Bolognese serving was a little skimpy.. but that's because it was perfection!
Went for a quick dinner tonight and couldn't be happier.  I had the tuna and my son had the Carbonara pasta.  Both were excellent.  I love the neighborhood atmosphere.  The meals are pricey but very good.
Would definitely come back! Was very impressed by the menu choices. Came here for restaurant week. I enjoyed every last bit of each course. It's definitely pricey, but I'd say well worth it! Staff was attentive and food came out at a reasonable time (I read previous reviews that said they waited, I did not have this experience). Was very pleased and will be back!
Stopped here for a quick drink and a bite to eat after spending the day at the Frick. The staff was VERY hospitable to my dog and got him water! Could have been more attentive to the outside tables but Great food and a cute place overall. Would definitely recommend. Oh, and try the tiramisu!
Paul is a classic Old World barber. He's a one-man operation and has been in the neighborhood for decades. Older guys will come around and sometimes shoot the breeze speaking in Italian. He often remembers details about your family from stories you share from year to year--a real personal touch. Paul charges about $12 (plus tip) for a regular men's haircut, making him a great bargain compared with the competition.
Paul is a very friendly chap who takes his time with the haircut...it's a steal for $12 and feels good to go down a notch and slow life down for half an hour...
Bastone offered me a fair price for the work they did.  I took it there to get a second opinion and despite the fact that they have a sign saying they charge for check-ups, it was free.  They quickly got back to me telling me what had to be done and what they recommended giving detailed reasoning behind it.  At no point did I feel like they were trying to cheat me or up-sell me.  And they were the cheapest place I checked out.
Love this place, really nice people willing to help and pretty decent prices..
This Giant Eagle is a perfect one to go to. They have a great selection of prepared food and more options to choose from. It is in a safe location and I can easily hop on the bus to go there. The only thing I don't like about this Giant Eagle is everything in Giant Eagle is outrageously expensive.
I will admit I am completely biased towards this place. I grew up eating their pizza. Crust is soft and fluffy, not chewy. The cheese is a little thicker than the average new york style pizza place. The sauce has spice but not too much. At some places you need a little milk or water to cool your tongue. Their one downside is that they're not always consistent. Some days its just started to turn golden brown others its over done.
Eaten here twicebut only pizza. I do have to say its up there with Napolis or Ailleos as for the pizza. Tonight me and my neighbors were up for some more. Was disappointed when ordering a meatball hoagie to find out they had no meatballs! Pizza places should never run out of certain things. Had gotten a cheese hoagie. Didnt get get why someone would order this, but was told it was good. didnt like. Luckily the pep pizza was great, but.. when u get toward the crust, its all dough. Still kick butt pizza but get rid of the cheese hoagie.
Really great local pizza. Probably the best crust I've had in a while. Very inexpensive for Pittsburgh but you can taste quality ingredients. They don't have many specialty pizzas. So, don't call in an ask for the works. They don't have it. But if you want a delicious shredded Italian sausage pizza, or a white pizza with tomatoes, they got you.
As a chinese american college student from NYC who got stuck in Pittsburgh with its useless public transportation (circa 1998), I desperately missed home-style Chinese food for the better part of my first two years here. Things turned around for me once I got a car (or made friends with cars), but I was seriously hurting for a while.  Tasty was one of the places we found. Back in the day, it was owned and ran by a typical restaurant-owning Chinese family. They had the works - pushy lao ban niang (boss lady), chef slash dad, and, during school off-hours, junior high school daughter manning the cashier. If they were in NYC, they'd only be missing an ami.... a bus boy. The food was pretty good, and if you order in Chinese, the lao ban niang hooked you up with extras because "your parents teach you good to talk Chineees".   I'm pretty sure Tasty is under new ownership now. The food isn't as good as it was, but the restaurant still gives off the home-style look and feel. It's a small restaurant with enough seating for about 25-30 patrons. Cheap tables, cheap seats; after all, restaurant extras are just a waste of money. The customers should come back for the food, this *is* a restaurant.  The new waitress is not friendly, but she gets the job done. The food is still good - so if you're craving a home cooked meal, you'll be somewhat satisfied here. Don't expect grandma's cooking, though. Order the vegetables, the mapo tofu is good, beef/chicken chow fun, etc. They have a lot of other staple items on the menu too. Don't get the salted pork chops - save that craving for Orient Kitchen. Try things, and share your thoughts.  Tasty - it's more than your neighborhood take out joint.  - written by a former junior high school daughter cashier
I recently pop in to this restaurant and got a Black Bean Pork on rice. It was great!!  The vegetable was fresh, the source was not too heavy and the meat was tasty!!
Ordered the lunch special with sesame bean curd + steamed rice + veggie egg roll.  The food was great, and you get a LOT for $5.65.  My friend got general tso's chicken with fried rice, and she enjoyed her meal as well.  The lady at the counter was very friendly and refilled our waters often during lunch.  When we were done eating, she gave us little Japanese mango gummy candies on our way at the door.  I would definitely come back for lunch here--it's nothing fancy, but very reasonably priced and, well, tasty. :)
This is a little Hong Kong restaurant gem in Shadyside.But first a disclaimer, if your idea of classic Chinese food runs to General Tso or Kung Pau chicken, chow mein, egg rolls or (perish the thought ) crab Rangoon then this place is really not for you Although much of the business this place does is takeout/ delivery of the type of American Chinese dishes I mentioned above the Forte of Tasty Chinese restaurant is real Hong Kong style food . Unfortunately a great deal of what is on their regular menu and with the delivery services is comprised of the American version  of Chinese food.The first time I came to this place they only gave me the American iced menu.But having lived in the Bay Area for many years I scoped out the Hong Kong style menu and vowed to order from it the next time I went to Tasty and I did.Now I just  pick up the Hong Kong menu automatically when I come in.Their Hong Kong dishes are some of the best I've had in Pittsburgh.The garlic eggplant in a velvety sauce combines the right hint of spiciness with sweet and virtually melts in your mouth.The salted squid (what's usually known as salt and pepper squid) has a light, crispy coating with a minimum of oil and the texture of the squid is just a tiny bit chewy but not too much so.Texture in squid is a daunting thing to get just right.I am a Chow Fun freak anyway  but their shrimp chow fun with egg sauce is the best I've ever tasted with slightly charred noodles fresh dhrimp and a wonderful egg scramble sauce . Recently I had a friend visiting from San Francisco and took him here (kind of a test to see if my view of this place was somehow off) and he raved about everything especially this chow fun dish.To sum up,if you want to experience the best of Tasty please order from the Hong Kong menu.Since. I don't order American Chinese dishes here I can't comment on them but I guess the genius of this place is authentic South Chinese dishes (as evidenced by the Chinese families I've seen eating here) not the usual  pseudo Chinese dishes many people seem to order here.I expect the chef/cook here just doesn't have his heart in Crab Rangoon or chow mein.
I unapologetically love Tasty Chinese. Aside from the slightly higher bar of quality that their food provides, I've found comfort in never ordering a dish I didn't like. The friendly staff, clean tables, and stellar turnaround time on orders has made Tasty my go-to in terms of East End Chinese orders for pick-up.  My usual order for three people includes crab rangoon or egg rolls, hot and sour soup, General Tso's chicken, fried rice, and lo mein. I encourage you to order whatever you want, though, because it's all pretty...pretty...pretty Tasty.
Good pizza and hoagies.  It is always busy.  Cash only.
Oh I love this place. Their pizzas are square/rectangle! A single slice is a little pricey for the size, so if you're going to go, get a whole pie. It is in the strangest location (Home Depot's parking lot)!! The picture of the founder is adorable and hilarious. Love this place!
My cousin works here and that's the only reason i know about this place. The crust they use for the bread is so light and airy and i absolutely love it. It makes the eating experience that much more enjoyable.  I always order a slice or two with sausage and mushrooms because I love the little crumbly sausage that they add to the pizza. Plus if you dip it in ranch (big fattie) it taste even better.   I took the hubby there just this week and he agreed that it is very good. They have tons of specials and even more menu options. We ordered the medium pie and 12" hoagie for only $13. Really good deal and the italian hoagie was not too bad. I do wish however that it was a little thicker. Maybe add some more lettuce and tomatoes for fullness. By the time we got it home it was like eating a lunch meat sandwich. Still delicious but I would have like a little more bite in my hoagie.  The interior is a little outdated but they have a bunch of steeler memorabilia hanging up. Also, if you like to play the lottery they have a small window for buying and playing the numbers. Waste of money if you ask me but to each his own.   BTW, IT'S CASH ONLY HERE, but they do have an ATM.
This is a Pittsburgh/Shadyside institution.  What can I say, this place is good-eatin' basic Italian food!  Not spectacular, but when you want a good nuthin-fancy dinner, this is the place to go.  The pizza is outstanding.
When you're in the mood for a good ol' fashioned, nothin' fancy Italian restaurant, you can't beat Minutello's!  My husband Rick and I didn't feel like cooking the other night so we came here for a nice casual dinner.  Man, I haven't reviewed this place in nearly three years and it sure hasn't changed.  Still has that good old basement decor.  Minutello's still has some of the best pizza in town.  Rick and I ordered the Supreme wtih capicola, Italian Sausage, salami, and pepperoni!  Mm-mm good!  Gotta hit that gym tomorrow.  And you know the best thing about ordering pizza, don't you?  It's always good the second day!
This is great, simple, traditional italian american food. The salads are good. The pizza is really great (I stopped ordering from anywhere else).  The veal cannelloni is awesome too.
I like this place. Its rarely as busy as the GetGo, doesn't play stupid grocery-store point pricing games, they have Diesel now, and a pretty decent automatic car wash that is priced just right. Its also conveniently on the right side of the road when I'm heading westbound on Baum.  Other than that, its just a gas station. But, hey, at least I can clean my car here.
Blown away at how Mike's turned an awful situation into a very unexpectedly pleasant experience!  Let's face it - everyone hates taking their car to the shop.  ESPECIALLY when the reason you have to is bc you were in an accident on the return trip from the airport after your amazing Vegas Vacation (no injuries or serious damage to either involved party, thankfully).  The customer service is stellar.  The staff at Mike's genuinely love their jobs and it's evident pleasing their customers is priority one.  I have to echo my fellow Yelpers, as my car left Mike's in better shape than before the accident. When I drove my freshly cleaned and waxed hatchback back (hatchback back-lol) to Bloomfield, I swear I could feel how happy Baby Bluey was and all was forgiven with the fender-bender.  Did I mention they left a gift bag full of goodies on the passenger seat, all pink-themed?  My only small complaint is my car wasn't ready when originally told, but is it ever? I'll def be back to Mike's!
Hands down one of the most friendliest and honest body shop around. They look me square in the eyes and told me what was up with my vehicle. I was hit by another individual and their insurance company told me to come here. They are highly regarded in the BBB and I know why. They even washed and polished my car inside and out. Only reason I didn't give it a five was that enterprise was the one who contacted me about my car...and that was because they wanted theirs back. Otherwise, go here!
Like all the other Yelpers- I took my car here for the convenience and because they were listed as approved by my insurance...I will never take my car anywhere else now for body work!  They are a very honest shop and they do quality work!  I even took my car there for some "cosmetic upkeep" not through insurance.  Paul went through and found the cheapest solution possible for me, knowing I was self pay.   Thanks to all there!
This is an animal shelter with a tremendous heart. While I realize it's more popular to back the more selective (aka "no-kill") shelters around Pittsburgh, the "open door" policy places the ARL at the top of my list. Where the so-called no-kill shelters can afford to be choosy and accept all-star pets, the ARL will accept any pet, from a private owner, someone who finds a stray, or even the city's animal control. A small, over-extended staff collaborates with a dedicated troop of volunteers, and manages to adopt thousands and thousands of pets each year into family homes.   I have adopted two cats from this shelter, and also participated in the adoption of several friends' pets here, too. The paid staff can be spread a little thin, especially if you come on a Friday afternoon/evening, or a weekend morning. Guess what, lots of people want to adopt a pet on the weekend when they have extra time to help it settle in. So don't be surprised to find crowds of potential adopters and exhausted staff!!! For a quieter experience, try a weekday. For the most intimate pet-finding experience, go during a Steelers game. Seriously, you will have the place to yourself.   Is it sacrilegious to tell you to do anything during a Steelers game? Whoops.   The ARL lists some of their pets on Petfinder, but I have found that the selection on the adoption floor is often too vast & quick moving for them to keep the profiles online updated -- what I'm trying to get at is this: Don't get super attached to a pet online, because there's a reasonable chance it already has a home. And don't avoid a trip because you don't see anyone you like online. There are more future fur-friends waiting for you at the shelter.   The staff of volunteers is extraordinary - I adopted one of my cats directly out of a foster home, and the volunteer must have gone out of her way to come to the shelter at my convenience and explain all the in-home habits of my future baby. I had such a positive experience with her, and the shelter. They invite you to send updates and pictures as your new pet adjusts. Yes, the staff & volunteers have a vested interest in the pets and want to know how things go!   The rates for adoption vary, depending on the season, so if your finances require some help to acquire your new best friend, keep an eye on their website for info about "sales." You can also donate old sheets, towels, pet carriers, and toys for the animals who stay here on their way to permanent homes. I donate a big pile of worn towels and sheets every time i sort my linen closet. They also accept ca$h donations to help keep up with expenses.   Maybe I seem like an over-enthusiastic cheerleader of this place, but the fact is that this organization connected me with two very important cats in my life, and every scratch on my arms, every litter box, and every fur-covered outfit in my life is due credit to their tireless efforts. Bravo, ARL, the pets & their families thank you.
This shelter is fantastic and has generally very good, friendly people on staff.  The cats and dogs appear to be treated at least as well as one might expect.  When I adopted one of my cats at this establishment, I had to return the next day to have her spayed.  They did it for free, which was great, but the reason they don't get five stars is that the desk clerk completely forgot about my cat and me, and she left us waiting as she chatted on her cell phone with a friend: she only remembered about us as she was walking out for a smoke and saw us sitting in the lobby.
I love, love, love my puppy.  After visiting every shelter in the city and finding nothing, we came back the next day after seeing a posting for a 2 month old terrier mix.  Our poor little guy had been dumped in a park and some very nice person brought him to the ARL who took him in, waited 3 days for someone to claim him, and neutered him.  He wasn't even supposed to be on the floor yet when we got there, but they were super helpful and brought him out to us and let us take him home.  The staff there were super helpful and wonderful to my incredibly anxious fiance- imagine a first time dad bringing home the baby!    The only reason they only get 4 stars is my poor puppy is SO sick.  We've had him for 3 weeks and he's got an awful cough that hasn't been responsive to any antibiotics.  I know its hard to keep all the dogs isolated, but I really think 8 weeks is a little too early to neuter a puppy especially after being found in a park- too much stress!  Hopefully our little guy starts getting better soon, we're awfully worried about him!  Still love the ARL though!
They are a pretty good place. They do the best they can with the limited funding they have. The employees definitely love the animals and want what is best for them.  We adopted a cat from this location over a year ago, and while it turned out okay (we still have the cat), I was surprised to learn from our vet that the cat we adopted was feral--you'd think that would have been an important bit of information to share with the adopting family, especially when there's a child in the house!
Good work.  He does very nice, high quality work.  A bit on the expensive side (costs $30 to shorten two pairs of pants) which I guess is reasonable considering that he does reliably high quality work.  I haven't given him anything more complex than that however so I don't know how he'll take in your wedding dress, but works for me.
This place is great, and even calls to double check when they find something they aren't sure about. I have had business suits altered here, jackets, etc. My husband had a beloved winter coat that he wanted to have the pockets repaired, and Vincent (or another man) called back 45 minutes later, freaking out (very politely) about "HOW CAN I REPAIR THESE POCKETS?! THEY ARE AWFUL! NO POCKET LEFT! SHREDS!" and we had a good laugh after telling him we meant for him to replace the pockets altogether. He did a fabulous job and even though he's not cheap it is worth it to know you will get the clothes back in great shape.
Vincent has done several hems and jacket alterations on men suits for me. Items have always been one time and done well. I would recommend this place to anyone searching for a tailor in Pittsburgh.   It does seem a little expensive, but worth it, because its done correctly.
It was 1:00 pm on Friday and i was in a serious bind... I needed new suit pants altered and my flight was leaving the next day at 10:00 am. I called and Vincent said he would help. He got the job done, with a smile and his work was perfection.   I would recommend Vincent to anyone needing alterations. Great customer service.
The Rite Aid on Baum used to be my pharmacy, but I flipped to this CVS location because of the convenience (on the route to/from work).   At first, my experience was not unlike the other recent reviews.  I, too, hate having to ask the clerks to open the locked compartments that hold the razor blades, etc.    BUT...  The pharmacy staff is terrific.  I have NEVER had friendlier, more knowledgable and more responsive pharmacy staff at any other drug store.   The service is first-rate and the extra care and attention to detail is deeply appreciated.
Very easy place to get my tires replaced.  I pulled in, they took a few pieces of information and I just had to wait.  While I was to wait I made sure it was OK for me to walk to nearby businesses to pick up a few items I needed.  They took my phone number and told me they would call when my car was finished.  While I was out at nearby stores my phone rang less than a hour later and was told I could come and pick up my car.  Walked in, paid and away I went.  Why couldn't I give this place a five star rating.  Two reasons.  1.  I ordered my tires and was expecting to receive a call on a Friday to stop in and have the tires put on my car, they did not call me at all and I called the following Monday to find out my tires were there for the past few days and no one made the effort to call me.  2. When I left, I could not comprehend why the air pressure wasn't regulated to my new tires.  How hard was it to make sure that my psi was set to 32?  One tire was at 38 and the other at 35.  I promptly needed to visit a gas station to remedy the situation.
Great work and excellent customer service. With our extended training in DC, we've been out of town a lot and so only had July 4th weekend to do the emissions test and state inspection on our car.   I called for an appointment, dropped the car off by 9am Saturday (July 4th) and it was ready by noon! Thanks to Kayla, Craig and the entire team at Good Year for fitting us in. I really appreciated them getting this done for us so quickly, not to mention the fact that they worked a full day on a national holiday.
I have bought tires here. I have gotten tires repaired here. The staff is prompt. The product is good.
Rocco and Vivian have truly been a graceful pair to my roommate and I for the past year. We lived right on Fifth avenue and Bellefonte and found no reason to complain aside from the neighbor's dog downstairs. The few mishaps that happened within the apt ( a broken lock, a leaking sink) were fixed within 24 hours of calling our landlord, Rocco. I have to say that for two girls who forget the little things (more of ten than not) we could not have asked for more understanding tenants for the amount of times we were locked out, forgot keys, needed a drawer fixed, needed heat, etc. Our space was clean and everyone in the building was friendly and respectful. I highly recommend to any student looking for housing in the Burgh.
This place is nestled in a nice location next to the city water reservoir and highland park, making it a great place to grab a coffee if you are out for a morning walk. It offers a clean and casual interior and draws a more eclectic crowd than most cafes- leans a bit towards the business casual crowd. Still ha that neighborhood feel though. I have never had food there though they offer paninis. Great desserts. Good espressos and okay coffee.Outdoor seating. Good place to study. Plenty of laptop outlets and free wireless.
Not bad, but a bit overrated, I think, but maybe I need to go again a few times.  The best thing about this cafe was that the coffee was served in a large french press.  The atmosphere is a bit sterile.  The baked goods were mediocre.  My friend orders a latte, and she says it's done perfectly though.  I would go again.
Coffee, Coffee, espresso, cappuccino, coffee, espresso...TEA!!!  Amazing selection of TEAS; high-quality, loose and those that I've tried have been so delicately balanced, the word perfect comes to mind.   While their espresso is also excellent, I've not been pleased by Tazza D'oro's (soy) lattes, so I am going to indulge my renewed enthusiasm for fine teas and work my way through their extensive menu that which is not to be overlooked if you have even the slightest interest in exploring beyond the weak frontiers of Lipton.
This is a staple neighborhood coffee house right down the hill from the park. Great outdoor seating. Very hip atmosphere. Plenty of plugs for laptops. Comfy chairs for relaxing. Friendly people. Only problem is finding a seat.
The epitome of 4 stars: Excellent without being perfect. Tucked away in the middle of a charming old residential neighbourhood, you'll likely miss it the first drive by. Turning around is worth it.  Yes the staff tends to be the typical hipster, bike-riding sort that so commonly seems to staff indie coffee shops, but they're friendly and unpretentious, so don't hold it against them.  The patrons are almost exclusively college students (anyone else tends to drive by and take their coffee to go), though hipsters are actually in the minority here.  Anyone under the age of 25 will fit in perfectly, and no one 35 and under will feel uncomfortable.    The noise level is perfect.  Most students are on their laptops with headphones, a few are chatting quietly, and the background (indie) music is just that.  You don't need headphones to concentrate here.  Decor is decent without being great.  The ceiling is crossed by beautiful wooden beams, and the floor is a pleasantly bland creamy ceramic tile.  So is the wallpaper, though the original modern paintings tend to help make things interesting.  Where it loses points is in the furnishings: the mixture of wall lamps, hanging fixtures, and pot lights doesn't work well, the serving bar itself is an ugly cheap laminate, and the touches of plastic greenery dribbled around the place fails misserably.  Iced water is provided, which is decent (plastic cups are a minus), but inferior to the mineral water other places serve. We tried their richly brewed Ethiopian to rave reviews, with the party split on whether the thick ceramic mug was a plus (hefty and warming) or minus (hard to drink from). Truly fantastic coffee, but the lattes were rather disappointing: Beautifully steamed milk in every cup, but a rather bland espresso shot left the latte rather lacking in the nuanced flavour one finds in a 5 star establishment.  The medium latte (12oz, with 2 shots of espresso -- the steongest ratio they offer) should have been far better.  The food looked worth having, but we'd just eaten. Homemade pastries and fresh sandwiches looked tempting, and we certainly will come hungrier next time.  A solid four stars, held back a bit by decor and a lot by espresso.
Good coffee!! The atmosphere is nice, it was good to get out of the cold when we took our walk :)  The coffee was good, and not too expensive.
This is where I learned what good espresso tastes like. If you make it to Highland Park, stop there and get some great neighborhood atmosphere.
Maybe Tazza D'Oro doesn't need another review, but I guess it never hurts to lend your voice to the chorus of those praising a good, solid and well-run local business.    The coffee selection is terrific.  The baristas are professional and courteous.  No, they are not chatty, but they are polite and friendly.  I'm not there for conversation, but for good coffee.  And that's what you get.    The pastries and snacks are fine.  Good variety.    The atmosphere is JUST what I want when I need a cup of coffee: relatively quiet, comfortable and calming.    When it first opened (how long ago how?) it was mobbed by some of my neighbors (I live in Highland Park) who adopted it as their private club and often seemed peeved at "others" who stopped by.   They've either relaxed or found other obsessions.  The clientele is, as folks said, eclectic and invigorating.    It's become our after-dinner spot after a meal at Park Bruges or Smiling Banana Leaf, too!
What a cute little coffee shop in such an idealistic setting!  I sat amongst the gathered hipsters, moms, friends, ladies who lunch, power business lunch people in a sunny little corner of the room sipping my delicious Indian Spice black tea.  Service was very friendly and looking at the fresh pastries and lunch list of homemade soups and sandwiches made me want to come back and enjoy a leisurely afternoon or perhaps work day here taking in all they have to offer.    I was surprised when I asked to see the tea list and the barista told me they didn't have much to offer.  Still looked like a good amount to me and I was pleased to see a variety of different offerings some coffee shops don't offer (because, well, they're usually coffee focused!).  I also enjoy that they use loose leaf tea, so you know it's not just coming straight outta a generic box of Twinings.    FREE internet is always a big plus with lots of outlets.  Now if someone could just find me an affordable house in Highland Park this could just be my next favorite neighborhood coffee shop!
their mochas are amazing
It was a bit out of the way of where we were staying, but I was swayed by the Yelp reviews!  You did not steer me wrong.   A nice little coffee joint in a quiet neighborhood, Enrico's was the perfect spot to get my caffeine fix before starting the day at full speed.  My wife and I both got lattes and pastries, and everything was good to go.  It looked like we were the only patrons that didn't plan on spending the whole day there, rooted to a chair.  We got the next to last free table.  Almost every "two-top" had only one person sitting at it.  I would imagine it's tough to find a seat sometimes.   Recommend!  P.s. I thought it was interesting that you can also purchase bike tire tubes here.
Great variety of coffee and methods (press, Chemex, pour-over).  I did not get a chance to try to the espresso, but it looked very good as well. Verve and Olympia are two very solid roasters and provide a wealth of choices.   Staff was very helpful, location great. All around a good place in Pittsburgh.
Great, authentic coffee at a reasonable price. The pastries are really tasty as well but pricier. It is a great atmosphere to catch up with a friend or just relax with a cup of coffee. The staff is also very friendly!
Cute little spot in a sweet neighborhood. Snag a table before ordering and you'll have a great experience. I stopped in for a cappuccino and sandwich. The cappuccino was hot and satisfying (good quality beans, strong). and the vegetable panini adequate (I'm not the biggest fan of artichoke leaves).  Good spot for reading a book and eavesdropping on strangers' conversations.
I had always meant to visit Enrico's, and since my friend recently moved to the neighborhood, it was a perfect opportunity to cross it off my list.  So here's what I liked: the cappuccino was perfect. It's an awesome cappuccino, topped with a cute foam art leaf.  Here's what I didn't like: Sometimes I take my cappuccino plain, sometimes I take it with a shot of syrup. On this occassion I asked if I could get amaretto syrup, which they had. But the barista responded: "No, you can't." He said they only make their cappuccino plain, and if I liked sweet, he could make me something special, but I would have to trust his taste. Here's the thing...I don't like sweet! I don't have much of a sweet tooth. I just wanted a tiny bit of sweet, so I didn't think trusting his mystery concoction was a good idea. I just got it plain.  I'm not a big fan of coffee shop snobbery nor the fact that this guy seemed to have sterotyped me as a Starbucks-guzzling yuppie who had to be shown what a "REAL" cappuccino tasted like. Please, I lived in Italy, I've had a "REAL" cappuccino...but right now, I want a flavor shot in it. I still tipped because I wasn't sure if it was the barista or just a general rule at this place, and he did offer to make me something different. I just don't get what the deal is here...why do they even bother having flavor syrups if you're not "allowed" to add them to your drink?   It's a 5-star cappuccino for sure, but I had to subtract a star for the attitude.
What a great find! I frequent the nearby Bryant street restaurants, but did not even know this place existed until a friend of mine brought took me here today for hot chocolate. I immediately fell in love it. The baristas were very friendly and my hot chocolate was great! There were also some incredibly delicious-looking pastries which I will need to go back soon to try. There was a nice ambience - it was quiet but not uncomfortable so. It would be a great place to study, read, or visit with friends.  You should expect to wait a few minutes for your drink, but it is well worth it :-)
Best coffee it Pittsburgh? Maybe, but this place is certainly competitive. French Press, Drip, espresso, or pour over? You name it they've got it. Only downside of this place is a limited food and pastry selection. If it is just coffee you want you this is the place. It is it a bit snobbish sure, but not nearly as much as many of the other coffee shops in Pittsburgh.
This is a quiet little nook in Highland Park that is perfect for tea, coffee, snacks and getting some work done or catching up with an old friend. I used to frequent this place much more when I lived in Pittsburgh, but I still make an effort to come back a few times a year for the ambience. It is great in the summer and fall because they have a few tables outside.  The staff is great and the prices are reasonable, too. The only change I could think of would be to put on some soft easy listening music. It'd make the vibe a little more comfortable!
I've heard a bunch of good things about this place, so I decided to make a trip over there on a Sunday to check it out. While I enjoyed the coffee and cookies I bought, I have to say that everything seems to be a bit overpriced and I did get a feeling of snobbery from some of the staff. However, the venue was actually nice with a nice neighborhood feel. Every time I have been there since it has been really crowded and I've had trouble finding a seat. I would love to go back in the summer and sit outside at one of the tables.
I love Tazza D'oro! It is in such a great little area and is a nice place to spend some time with a delicious cup of coffee.  It it sometimes busy and hard to find a table (which is not surprising since it's a great spot), but I like the neighborhood feel and the staff has always been very friendly.  I usually get iced Americanos in the summer and regular coffee or lattes in the cooler weather. All of the drinks I have ever had here have been tasty. I have also had some of the pastries (and maybe a bagel at some point?) and everything has been fresh.  I'm a big lover of coffee shops and this place fits all of my requirements. While I don't live in Highland Park, it's definitely worth an occasional trip.
A nice place to sit and read, and drink amaaaaazing coffee. I like the atmosphere, and will definitely be a return regular customer.
Very nice pace.  I remember the pharmacy that was in its place years ago.  It has a very nice atmosphere and the service is great.  Their coffee and pastries are very good too!  I don't find myself in that neck of the woods very often, but it's always nice to stop by when I do.
Refuge from the snowstorm, kind service, just wish it were a bit quicker.  My husband got a shot in the dark coffee, I got a yummy goddess tea, and those were great. The service was excellent and the patrons working away on their laptops gave off a good vibe. I definitely want to come back and get some work done here.  We had a great chat to the barista. The mushroom panini sandwiches took a bit long to get, even though there wasn't a rush lunch crowd. The mushrooms were cold, I think Id prefer them warmer? - the side salad was great.
Tazza, you slippin! When I first came to Pittsburgh, this place was a solid five star coffee joint not as good as I remember. Still in the top tier of Pittsburgh coffee shops but not even a contender for best anymore. Vegan apple cinnamon donuts were great but steamed milk on latte was less wonderful than I remember. Brownies: Still a real surperative. But damn, when I'm going to a place like this, for me it's all about the steamed milk.
My mission before graduating is to try all the independent coffee shops in Pittsburgh. Tazza D'oro came highly recommended from my friend and I didn't need any reason to go to any coffee shop. My girlfriend and I stopped in to grab some lattes and catch up. We also decided to get their baked goods. I never had a mocha that was so smooth and I loved my chocolate croissant. The noise level was relatively quiet and it may become my new study place. I will definitely be coming back for more of their coffee!
Let me preface this by saying I am one of those bizarre people who does not like coffee. Given that, I consider it a testament to how absolutely wonderful Tazza D'oro is, because one sip of my friend's mocha and I was in silky, smooth heaven. I ordered the hot chocolate, which was every bit as rich and creamy as a hot chocolate should be.   On to the food - don't come here if you expect a wide selection of bites to pair with your drink. They only had a few options, but from what I could tell, each one was crafted with love, skill, and just the right amount of sugar. I had a fruit tart (berries and strawberries), which was a delightful combination of tangy and sweet. My friend had a very satisfying chocolate croissant - but to be fair, it's difficult to make a chocolate croissant anything but. I was so impressed that I took home an apple puff pastry and vowed to return posthaste.   This is precisely the sort of place in which Elizabeth Bennet would while away a dreary day, were coffee shops accessible in rural, Georgian England. I wouldn't suggest coming with a large group; neither the limited seating nor the ambience is conducive to that.  It's quiet and intimate - ideal to catch up with friends or bury your nose in a book.
Counter culture brand coffee is exceptional! Herbal, green and other tea choices are amazing. Foods: my least favorite is the portobello sandwich. . Great location and ambiance.
I love living in Highland Park and having Enrico's Tazza D'Oro around the corner from my house as my new go to coffee shop. The locations is pretty, inviting and quiet; Pandora plays in the background - loud enough to enjoy, but not loud enough to drown out your conversation.  And conversation there is! It's a wonderful community where the regulars meet of all ages, talking about their families or getting together on Saturday/Sunday afternoon to catch up. Otherwise you can come in do get some work done, discuss your newest project with your coworkers or just fill out job applications and yelp reviews like I do.   The Service is friendly and pleasant and the coffee is good. Personally, I have been opting for the Tea which is served in a larger pot if you are dining in. Not the highest of high quality, but after all, it's a coffee shop and not Tea [plus my mother spoiled us with Marktfrau back in the day]. When my roommate vouches for coffee, I listen, and Enrico's has been T' approved.   All in all, like the place and love the community and naturally I will continue to make Tazza D'oro my coffee shop destination.
This area is nestled in a pleasant location next to the city water reservoir and highland park, which makes it an excellent spot to grab a java if you're outside for a morning walk. It provides a clean and informal inside and brings a more diverse bunch than most cafes- leans a bit to the business casual bunch. Still ha that area feel though. I've never had food there though they provide paninis. Excellent desserts. Great espressos and fine java. Outside chairs. Great location to analyze. A lot of notebook factory outlets and free wireless.
I adore this area. It is wonderful to meet up with one (or a couple) of folks here but there's quite limited seats. It is fine in order to bring your dog and sit outside in the warmer months, though! The staff is always so very friendly and talkative - constantly there to indicate matters and to get you laugh. Such a "hometown" kind of surroundings.
The main reasons to go to Buffalo Blues would be for their All You Can Eat Ribs night every Tuesday for $21 and their All You Can Eat Wings night every Wednesday for $9.  Make sure you go with a bunch of guys, because it isn't all you care to eat, it is a challenge.  You have to eat all you can eat and your ego is on the line if you don't.  I once went to Ribs night and one buddy of mine ordered a Buffalo Chicken salad when everyone else ordered ribs.  Yea, he regretted his terrible decision.  Anyways.  The food itself.  The ribs are basic baby back ribs that come in a choice of mild, medium, and hot bbq sauce.  I tend to just go medium, b/c I find a hot bbq sauce covers up the taste of the meat itself, and when I eat ribs I care more about the taste and texture of the actual meat with the sauce being a supporting player.  The ribs are ok for mass produced ribs, nothing spectacular.  The most I've done is only two racks of ribs, but that was only because I didn't want to keep everyone else waiting up for me.  Ribs come in a rack in first round, and then re-orders come by the half rack.  Personally I prefer wing night, as they have fantastic wings.  Wings come in a dozen in the first round, followed by half dozen reorders until you're done.  They have 12 different flavors, but my favorite ones are Buffalo Blue, Old Yeller, and Red Hot Parm.  Buffalo Blue is a tasty bbq sauce that isn't overly sweet like some of their other bbq sauces, Old Yeller is a Carolina Mustard based sauce, and Red Hot Parm is a traditional Buffalo sauce (Frank's Red Hot + Butter) then topped with Parmesan Cheese.  Their Cool Ranch, Garlic Parm, and Spicy Garlic can be a bit greasy, so if you do order one of those make sure its in a batch of 6 and you share with your friends, I kind of like their Spicy Garlic, but no one else ever wants to split an order with me, oh well.  Their Gold Rush and Death Row are their two other non-spicy bbq sauces, but I prefer Buffalo Blue to both of them.  For their spicy flavors, there's Red Hot, which is just a traditional Buffalo, there's Howlin' Wolf, which is a spicy sour sauce with pepper seeds on it, and there's Hotter than Hell, which is a spicy bbq sauce.  Personally I find Howlin' Wolf tasty in small quantities, but sometimes the sourness gets to me.  I tend to find spicy bbq sauces a bit funky, so I'm not big on Hotter than Hell.  If I have a big appetite I eat from 24-30 wings.  If its just a regular day I'll eat around 18-22ish wings.  Note: These wings are huge.  They aren't your typical Wingzone or Quaker Steak and Lube sized wings.  These are real wings from real chickens, not some little baby chicks just hatched from their eggs.  The rest of the menu is just typical American restaurant food with various sandwiches, a burger option, salad options, etc.  Highly highly recommended.
Living down the street of Buffalo Blues has it's advantages and disadvantages.  The huge beer selection means there is something for everyone.  For any game there is always a crowd and you can have a good time eating the wings, which are decently priced and good.  The bar is nice in the summer when they open the garage doors.  It's a nice bar to get a beer with friends where you can grab a table to eat then hang out at the bar to watch the game.  But, while they have a good number of HD TVs, only two are broadcast in HD so don't think you'll be getting a great picture.
In the last week I've been here twice, partially because I don't know any better and partially because it's actually pretty good! It's one of the few places that doesn't reek of cigarettes, it's never crowded and the open garage doors are great for fresh air.  I tried their buffalo (boneless) wings last night in the jack daniel's sauce  - way better than Sharp Edge's. The sauce was pretty mild but still quite tasty and if you're not a super wings eater, you can get a fries/wings combo for super cheap. To wash it down I had Loose Cannon beer, how can you pass up a beer with a pirate tap handle!  Our waitress was a little slow, she said it was her first night. Who makes a new girl work on a Friday night! She seemed to have gotten more attentive and fast towards the end, or maybe it's because I wasn't hungry anymore so I didn't care.  The beer was pricy - Tuesday night I had a maker's sour for the same price as a pint of beer...
Tried this place to get my charred meat on before a steelers game, and was not disappointed.  Boneless Buffalo Wings are my loovveeeeeeeee so I'm pretty easy to please there, and I was super happy that they allow you to order them in a small portion (5 wings).  I tried a medium spicy sauce (instead of jumping right to hotter 'n hell) because I was sick with anticipation for the steelers game, and it was nice and sweet and not bland.    Predicting a healthy selection of nachos and other cheese drenched options at the steeler game, I had a salad.  I expected it to be sad and pathetic, as salads at wing joints often are, but it was really good!  The lettuce was not all nearly white grossness, the other veggies were nice and crisp, and the toppings were great!  I loovveeed the shredded chicken that didn't have a bunch of gross grease all over it.
My local sports bar.  It has the prefered sound and  enough televisions so no matter how busy it is, my neck isn't cramped and I don't have to strategically place myself to listen to a game.   It is a bar.  It has bar food.  Nothing really stands out for me in the realm of fries, sandwhiches and wings.  On the other hand, I've never had a bad experience either.  So when I eat there, I'm not anticipating dissapointment or spectacular, but I am expecting constantcy.  Consistancy is what is delivered.   Buffalo Blues does have a wide array of enticing imports and domestics.   Service is spotty, I do find myself hoping to find the more personable staff working when I go there.  The plus is, when specific staff is working, the  place is that much of a better establishment.  Consistantly just above average in my opinion. I chose 4 stars because it is constantly an above par establishment.  5 stars would require something really enticing to set it aside in character from a slew of other sport bar venues.  I would like to observe the spring/summer atmosphere inwhich I'm anticipating another review to be 4 stars.
I've heard about this place, I've seen this place, and I've wanted to try this place. Finally, yesterday my company took us their for lunch and I did not leave disappointed. Don't get me wrong, this is not a restaurant that is redefining the culinary scene in the city, but it is a tasty place to enjoy your traditional burger, fries, and drink.  The atmosphere is total sports bar, but it is not overwhelmingly so. The staff was nice and for being in a party of 14, the server handled us well.  The food was great! I got the Salsa Burger subbed with a turkey burger and it was delicious. The burger was plump and large, full of flavor and cooked perfectly. I recommend this burger! It also had salsa and guac on top with some cheddar cheese and my mouth is still watering for it. Tip? Get the sweet potato fries!
This review is on lunch at Buffalo Blues. I have been here a number of times for dinner and for late-night drinks, and have always thought it was a great place to grab a drink and watch a game, but haven't been overly impressed with the food. That is, until yesterday. I came in for a quick bite to eat and ordered the Hot Veggie sandwich. It was FANTASTIC - the best veggie sandwich I have had here in Pittsburgh. Other than that, service was good and fairly quick. I made have found my new go-to lunch spot!
Food: 2 stars. It's really not very good. Especially the entirety of the combination platter they make with chicken fingers and wings. Blue cheese wasn't bad though. My wedge salad was enormous- more like a half head of lettuce than a wedge. Nice and fresh though.   Drinks: 3 stars, for the decent variety (better than expected from a place like this) and the game time specials.  Service: 3 stars. Could have been better, could have been worse. Friendly but unattentive and not good at realizing when to come to the table. (Hint: if one person calls you over for a drink, make sure the rest of us are set before running away.)   Atmosphere: 4 stars - really good job of having enough televisions for everyone to see the game/s and marking each so you know what's on.   1 Bonus star for accommodating the Pittsburgh area Buffalo Bills fans! GO BILLS!!!
Good fun place to watch games while drinking and eating chicken wings or sandwiches.They have a good selection of wings and decent beer. I try different kinds of wings  every time  I go in but so far spicy garlic has been my favorite. This is a typical sports bar.
Great beer selection and nice happy hour deals. I recommend the garlic parm wings. Good service too
The beer selection is large the food is pretty good too.  The wait staff is friendly the atmosphere is good... The patrons can be miserable human beings.   I come here sometimes for trivia on wedensday nights. They have 3 dollar mystery beers, it could be delirium ( highly doubtful) or it could be pbr. But over 20 beers on tap pretty much all craft beers. Reasonably priced beer and food.
This place is a keeper!   It was pretty good. I got the Cajun chicken sandwich with french fries for take out.   I waited at the bar, and ordered a drink while I waited. I had the Caipirinha... Not as good as Seviche's, but then again this is Buffalo Blues....   If you need an "All American" food fix, this is the place to be.
I may be a little biased... this place is right down the street from my house and we go there frequently, but I think Blues is great.   I have had quite a few things in the menu but two things that I love more than others are the cobb salad and the Oscar's Garbage burger.       The cobb salad is just a cob salad, but some how they make it better than most. I don't know if it's the sprout or the dressing, but it is one of the best cobb salads I have ever had.       And the garabge burger....Mmmmmmm. This burger caught my attenetion at first because it has an egg on it. I lovelovelove a burger with an egg on it.  I don't know what genuis started the egg on a burger trend, but kudos to you! But that's not all. Imagine a Primanti's sandwich but with a big, fat burger. It has fries, cole slaw, an egg and American cheese. My BF often comments it's strange there's no bacon, but honestly, that'd be over kill.   They also have a really good veggie sandwich with Hummus (I don't remember the name), a great buffalo chicken sandwich and fantastic appitizers.   Also, it's worth mentioning they hace really good hand cut fries- not those mushy frozen crap sticks- and GREAT fresh homemade potato chips.   Now, as far as the ribs and wings go, I'm not a big ribs/wings person. I can appreciate that they're good, but I wouldn't order it much. Having said that, my BF frequently orders one or the other and I always have my fair share of tastes. he raves about them so....If you looking for a nice place to watch a football or hockey game or just craving some good food I highly suggest it!
Can't believe this place only has 2.5 stars.. A 1-star should be absolutely disgusting and dirty which this place is not. Those who are rating this place a 1-star need to take out that stick up their asses and take their hate elsewhere. Every time I've been here, there's great service and food was good (not 5 star). True, wings are overpriced but then Wednesdays they have all you can eat. Their fries and desserts are good. Service, despite a Patriots game on, was great.
This place is pretty good! My coworker and I come almost every Friday for half off drafts and wings. Service is decent and everything I've eaten here (except the Yinzer Fries...those are kind of gross) has been delicious.
The decor is nothing fancy but the food is surprisingly good (and fresh). I've gotten takeout and eaten at the buffet. Both good for the price - it's inexpensive.
China Garden appears to be your run of the mill Chinese take out place (standard menu, decor, etc) , but I was very pleasantly surprised how good the food was.  We had both the cashew chicken and seafood delight, and both were awesome.  Also worth noting they are super fast (food was ready within 10 minutes).  I'd easily say this is the best Chinese takeout place I've found since I've been in Pittsburgh (about a year).  Highly recommend it.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again, I love me a buffet.  An excellent price for some good food never hurts.  All the usual Chinese fare is on the buffet with that American flare added for some spice...I suppose it would be to spice it up...  Anyway  I got to taste all my favorite Chinese foods from General Tso's to cheese won tons.  Just in case I didn't want to overdose on Chinese I decided to try some of the Mac n' Cheese and fried potatoes (although I admit I added sweet and sour sauce to the potatoes).    Servers are around often to pick up the plates you are finished with and to make sure your glasses are refilled.  Atmosphere is somewhat comfortable.  Appears to me they tried to squeeze in more seating than they could.    I would have given five stars, but as my friend pointed out while we were there, our waters tasted like it came from a hose you may have used to fill up your backyard pool.  Next time I'll go with the soda I suppose.
This is my 2nd time here and I thought that I attributed the satisfaction of my first visit due to the fact I was sooooo hungry. Well my 2nd time and for a Chinese Buffet, this place is fantastic. The restaurant itself is very clean. The buffet is also very clean and even though I showed up within an hour of closing, they were still bringing out fresh entrees. The amount of choice is less than just about all the Chinese Buffets that I have ever been too, but in my opinion they make up for that in delicious food. All the patrons here are American, so this isn't the Asian place where the Asians eat. It's very non-spicy, non-original food, but it's fresh and good tasting. I would certainly return. Giving it 7.5 Knuckles out of 11.
I've gotten pick-up orders from here many times. It's standard Americanized Chinese food that hits the spot whenever I'm driving by and get a craving. The food is promptly made (about 10 minutes after I call in my order) and the vegetables taste fresh. I'm a big fan of their crab rangoons; there's lots of filling in them compared to the rangoons from other places. The sauce and meat in my meals isn't as flavorful as other Chinese take-outs have been, but it's still tasty. And my experience with the staff has been fine. Also FYI, it's cash only, and there's an ATM right outside by the door. I've never eaten in (there's a few tables) or in the buffet that's attached next door, so I can't speak on that. But overall, if you're getting a craving for some inexpensive Chinese and you're in the area, might as well give it a try.
I have furnished 90 percent of my home with Arhaus items including a sectional sofa, chair and ottoman, accent tables, lamps, dining table and chairs, etc.   The upholstered items are very comfortable but the furniture finishes are somewhat problematic. I have tried a variety of different furniture cleaners and polishes and cannot restore the surface without smudging and streaking.   The sales staff members are very friendly and knowledgeable, I have dealt with 3 staff members over the past 5 years and have been pleased with their expertise and service.  All in all, I am a satisfied customer. I recommend this company if you are looking for contemporary furniture with a traditional flair.
Arhaus sells beautiful, beefy, traditional furniture for an equally large ticket. This store is surprisingly large, and I loved that it displays such an extensive selection. After I'd been in the store at least 5 minutes, an eccentric associate greeted me. I definitely plan to return to the store in the future when I'm looking to refresh my super-comfortable family room sofa.
Beautiful items, throughout.  Mostly large pieces, meaning not for small space living.  Are you a leather lover with a nice big room to furnish - go here!  Big traditional furnishings with a smattering of the unexpected to keep things interesting and fresh.  Staff is helpful but not pushy, although we were clearly 'browsing'...
Arhaus has top end furniture.  Living room, dining room and accessories.  I particularly like their glass sliding door stackable bookcases.  These attractive, sturdy shelves come in several stained finishes.   Arhaus delivers which is good for heavier items.  Also eye catching are their various desks.  They have a nice showroom in Shadyside across from Madmex
The new manager, Ray, was really friendly and helpful. Had to diagnose something with my car-done quickly. I usually go to the Monroe in Wexford, this one is just as great! Thank you!
Like the previous reviewer, the new manager Ray is awesome. I needed a relatively simple tire change. It was handled professionally and friendly.  What got my attention is that, while I was waiting, Ray was dealing with a really difficult customer. I would have blown my top at this guy, but Ray was calm told him his options (which, as a car guy, I agreed with) and handled his concern. Like a pro.
I don't understand the low reviews. This is a very well run neighborhood McDonald's where retired folks seem to gather over coffee in the morning. I have been here a few times and service was always prompt and courteous. The food is consistent with McDonald's everywhere and the restaurant clean.  My only complaint was free ATT WiFi was slow on my last visit.
I went to Walt's due to the reviews I saw here on Yelp.  I like supporting local business and I also wanted to find a garage I could trust.  There was nothing wrong with my car I just needed the oil changed and I asked them to make sure I was "good to go" for the winter season.  They changed the oil, check my tires and topped off all my fluids all for $36.  Tim is a helpful guy and will take his time to explain things to you.  They seem to be quite busy all the time which I see as a good thing.  However, it does mean that you have to call ahead for an appointment and you may not get your car in on the same day.   I will be going back for all my car care needs!
I normally try to avoid using shops other than Manordale Tire in Delmont, but in this case I really needed it to be within walking/busing distance of my home, so I went out on a limb, checked Car Talk's Mechanics Files, and went with Walter's.  The fellah with whom I met was really friendly, and even took my car for a drive with me in the passenger's seat to help diagnose the problem, which is not something I'd seen anyone do before, and I'd say it's definitely great customer service.  He did kinda suck at driving stick, though, but my car's a tough one to drive.  I was a little miffed that my repair had to be scheduled for many weeks in the future, because I needed a bearing and well, riding the parkway daily on a bad bearing just doesn't feel safe to me.  But when the time came, my car was done on time, and I didn't seem to have any problems afterward.  I did feel like there was something a little wrong with my suspension after getting my car back, but I think it was unrelated: when I did my driveshafts, one of the ball joints was on its way out, and I think it just crapped out shortly after I took it to Walter's.  I'm going to keep going to Manordale, but this place wasn't too bad.
Prices are reasonable and they have not given me the "I am here to screw you out of a bunch of money" feeling you get from dealerships and other automobile garages.  I will continue to use this place.  They are very knowlegable when it comes to fixing vehicles.
I know I say this a lot, but we really are so lucky to have such beautiful old theaters here in the Burgh. Some may not be used as much as others, but I sure appreciate them.   I attended an event here for the first time and was amazed by what good shape the theater was in. I loved the bright red chairs and classic feel. Mind you, I really know nothing of what this theater used to be used for... Although I can imagine very glamorous old movies like Singin' In The Rain (maybe this movie was not so much glamorous, but the namesake says as much).   I was surprised by how comfortable it was. The seats are comfy and the leg room is decent. I can imagine by looking around that most seats are decent for viewing a show. They do offer many different events here throughout the year, which is great because it would be a sad fact if this theater wasn't used.  I honestly want to look for things put on here now because I like the theater so much. Support your local theater, it really makes the city vibrant, I promise!
Interesting theater.  Upon entering, the lobby is decorative and enticing.  It makes you want to see the inside of the theater for more ornamentation.  Alas, the actual theater section doesn't look anything like the entrance or lobby.  Its walls are dark, as if darkened on purpose with no detail, no features.  Just confused by this stark contrast, that's all.  History per its website and Wikipedia indicate it originally was a silent movie theater called the Regent Theatre in 1914.  It went through some periods of being open and closed and renovated.  It most recently re-opened as the Kelly Strayhorn Theater in 2002, named after Pittsburgh's own dancer Gene Kelly and composer Billy Strayhorn.  It's a nice quaint size seating 350 and the seats are comfortable enough with enough space for the knees.  On this particular night, we had tickets to see The Chamber Music Pittsburgh's Pablo Villegas with free tickets won from WYEP radio station.  Mr. Villegas is a Spanish classical guitarist and this venue was just the right size in which to enjoy his performance.  The sound system was superb.
In sum interesting, unpretentious and a cozy bakery.  I have noticed this bakery as been closed when I make it to Bryant Street...which is usually in the late evening when I am chowing down on delicious food from the Smiling Banana Leaf. I finally committed to drive there just for this bakery.  I skimmed the yelp reviews and was a little concerned that going there at 330 in the afternoon would deprive me of the decadent and most delicious of the tasty treats. I called the location and the said they were open to five. I will admit I almost did not go. If they have lines early in the morning all the goodies would have likely been gone a few hours from closing but I decided to give it a whirl nevertheless.  A quaint location, a few two tops here and there, a small area to shop there. Beautiful baskets and other nicknacks. In the back is there bakery shelves which are strangely set up in the back right. The location is not the best to peruse offerings. I am fortunate I did not arrive when it was busy I would have been unable to see much before I was next in line!  I ordered the Chocolate Tulip. It was a hand-made shell filled with mousse & cake, with ganache drizzle, cream and berries. Rich and moist. Smooth and fluffy mousse. Not overly sweet. A nice marriage of creamy, rich, and sweet. Loved this delight. I also had a tasty cupcake. The cake was not as rich as that in the tulip. Yet, the frosting was a divine passion fruit. Yum.  I'll be back. If they can serve such yummy treats moments before they close I can only imagine how amazing they must be first thing in the morning.
I'm a creature of habit--I've been getting a savory and sweet item each time I'm around the neighborhood. White lily cake is divine! Quiches always tasty. Macarons are alittle too sweet. I wish the cake slices weren't $4/pop. Otherwise, would be a regular here.
I have had the following items from this place: Banana Cream Pie Coconut Cream pie Napoleon Pumpkin roll Key lime pie Lady fingers Cookies Cupcakes I have never been disappointed.  This is the kind of place that SHOULD exist.  It has that home made taste with a professional look.  Everything tastes fresh and delicious.  I have not had one bad thing from there yet.
I recently discovered this place upon strolling around Highland Park, my favorite East end 'hood . I always get coffee at Tazza D'Oro but this place also serves coffee and most of the items they create/bake are perfect with coffee ... I think the stand-out item is the cheese-cake brownie and perhaps the 'scotcheroo'. Try both of them ... I've been to Europe and experienced the patisseries in Paris and they're as good as confectionary/sweets/dessert food gets but, places like Food Glorious Food are the  next best thing, state-side ...
Every so often, I hear rumblings about how great this bakery is. Highland Park is a bit out of my way, but after leaving the zoo, it seemed like the perfect time to test this place out.  My friend and I came in around 3:30 on a Saturday, and they had clearly been busy all day. There really was not much left. I ordered a cheesecake brownie ($2), and she got two key-lime macarons ($2.25). We both enjoyed our desserts, and while they were far above average, they were not THE best.  However, the people in Highland Park are spoiled because they were quite good.  I suspect you need to get here at opening to try the popular items.  The store front is cute if you want to eat in, and there is one bench outside.  Additionally, they appear to accept credit!  Not sure if there was a minimum.
I visited Food Glorious Food the Sat. before last at around 10:30am.  I was waiting to be seated for brunch at E2 next door with some friends, and one of them suggested that we swing by the bakery next door.  This reminded me that that bakery was Food Glorious Food, which I'd been meaning to check out for a long while, so I eagerly agreed and we headed next door.  Having read the previous Yelp reviews, I knew that the cinnamon roll was a popular item.  Give that I'm always on the hunt for good cinnamon rolls--of which there seem to be precious few in PGH--I got one of them ($2) as well as a chocolate chip cookie ($2), which the guy working the counter told me was another popular seller.  I had the cinnamon roll later that day, and it was pretty good, although not the best I've had in PGH.  It had a decent amount of both cinnamon and icing, and the dough was soft and pliable.  I tried the cookie the next day, and it was quite delicious--possibly the best one I've had to date in PGH.  It was a decent size and has a decent balance between crispness and softness.  Most importantly, however, it had copious chocolate chips that melted in my mouth, which (for me) is an essential component of a legit chocolate chip cookie.  Based on the goods I sampled, I'd rank Food Glorious Food within the upper quartile of PGH bakeries.  Unfortunately, I'm leaving PGH soon, but if I wasn't, I'd definitely love to stop by again to sample their key lime pie, as I'm a big fan of that dessert.  4.5 stars.
"Food, glorious food! Don't care what it looks like...Just thinking of growing fat.." sings Oliver from the musical. Yep you got it. They named this place after this song. Stopped over here after lunch to grab a dessert. Most of the desserts I have seen before but they had a few different ones for me to try.  They are a bakery but they only sell desserts, wedding cakes, and various quiches. I purchased a spinach and mushroom quiche to take home with me for my next day's lunch. It must have been popular-it smelled so good when I got it home. Can't wait to taste it! I'm sure I'm going to love it. They had small whole pies along with what they call a great chocolate chip cookie. I bought that for my daughter and got a nice slice of apple streusel. The crust on that thing was flaky and soft. They do give you generous portions for the price you pay. They do offer a nice assortment of desserts.  I decided to try something a little different while I was there which was called a signature white lily cake. I later learned they use this same batter for wedding cakes. I had it and found that it was not too rich but light enough for me to enjoy after a heavy meal. They have a small sitting area in front if you wish to eat it there. Some of the desserts require refrigeration. Others don't but make sure you wrap them if you intend to eat them later.  Since I had arrived later in the day the breakfast pastries were gone but I'm sure if I return at an earlier time of day they would be worth a try. Street parking is available. This place is off the beaten path but well worth the visit.  "Why should we be fated to brood on ... beautiful, magical, food, glorious, food!" Beats gruel any day!
I have to say that I have had quick and efficient stops in here for all of my car needs. Firstly, walking into this building is quite a spectacle, from the beautiful exterior and interior. I have to be honest, my first trip in here I felt like taking my escalator down into the pit that is AAA was equivalent to taking a trip into the fifth ring of hell. I hate anything dealing with the DMV, registration, license, tags, blah blah blah. However, both of the times I stopped in here it was not crowded at all, and the women that helped me were very nice and thoughtful. The stations you must go through are quick and effective. Both times I had business here, I was in and out in less than a half hour- which was far better than the marathon nightmare I was expecting.
Newbie car owner here---- i didnt know your registration needed renewed. Luckily I keep all of my information and maintenance on myCarfax.com. They sent me an email saying my registration was due for renewal. I checked my plate stickers which indicated they expired the at the end of April. I had been driving around with bad plate stickers for over a month. Wow. Call me lucky for not getting caught.   I needed to get it done asap. To avoid highways and such, I came to this AAA which was 10 minutes from my house. I called to verify what was needed-- IDs, updated insurance card and old registration. We recently renewed our insurance and the receptionist said to have insurance fax paperwork to AAA while we were waiting. We waited no more than 15 minutes. 30 minutes and $55 later (since we arent AAA members there was a $15 fee) we were out the door and legal again. yay.  Random comment but the building was unique & beautiful on the inside
Just relocated to Pittsburgh (2010) and heard about this place. Saw two concerts (Bilal and Tobbey Boney) for under $30 bucks each.  The drinks are yummy  plue DIRT CHEAP!   The owner ( dude with a fro/think beard) is really nice.  Heck, he's actually pretty hot in a retro/hip/techno/neo soul kinda way.  If I wasn't a lesbo...I'd ******.......******** him. hahaha
AVA/ Shadow Lounge is a place that I would take my out of town guest on a Monday night.  With the live music and well mixed drinks, it is a place that is sure to be a good time.   If you're luck to nab a seat/table near the door I would recommend it.  Since the live music can be loud, it's a great way to enjoy the band and still carry a conversation.  Definitely stop by and check it out- you won't be sorry!
Enjoyed the winter solstice concert Saturday night. Fun scene, cover benefited charity, drinks were decent (nothing spectacular), but the grilled cheeses moved this review from a three to four star rating. Fun night, cool spot. Will go back!
This place is great and gets more diverse crowd than any other place in Pittsburgh. The layout is good, drinks are cool and music is just great. The place is great place to chill out and is not as crazy as south side or station square.   This place is a hit or miss though. Some days you get lot of fun people and on other days, it is deserted.   The cover on weekend is mostly $5 though on some special event days, it is $10.   Overall, AVA is one of the most underrated place in Pittsburgh for night out.
I agree with Stacey B. I am not cool enough for this place. I Spoke with Jay Malls briefly, and he was indeed cool ,This is one of the best R&B DJ's since Venus Flytrap. (from "WKRP in Cincinnati" )  I hope to stop in again soon . It is worth the trip.
It's surprising how long it took me to get here, then I hear a rumor they're moving soon anyway! Geez... way to be behind the times Rachel!  I've been interested in a bunch of the nights they've hosted before, but have never made way way over. I went to celebrate one Miss Aja J's birthday for Hip Hop vs House night. I'm a big hip hop fan, but not much into house. They had two dueling DJ's and an MC hosting the event. I actually liked the mash up of the two genre's. It was definitely better than just house.  They have about 5 beers on tap, which I think is impressive for a "club." Especially different since it was much more than Miller Light. They actually had a Pumpkin brew on tap, which forgive me for not remember, I was into! At $5.50 it wasn't breaking the bank, but it wasn't a $3 Miller Light fo sho!   We came a little early, but it seemed like the night really started to pick up around 11pm. Yep, I'm old, I left at 11pm. Lame, I know!   I hope they find a new home, because I think it's a place we don't have anywhere else and I'm happy to have been finally!
I've done basically a gut renovation of my house over the last year, and the East Liberty Home Depot has made this process ten times more bearable. Most of the staff can give you reasonably good advice about which items or tools you should purchase, they all have a good understanding of where things are in the store, and the return policy is amazing. When you make 3-4 trips per day back to the store, after realizing that the simple wiring of a light that you planned has evolved into an afternoon installation project, having someone who is nice about you returning parts and asking a million questions is such a stress reliever. If you need to use the bathroom when your plumbing at home explodes, you may get one or two odd looks if you bring a toothbrush, but even then the staff seems to have seen everything and maintains their nice and calm demeanor.   The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because I was once (out of 50 times) given very bad advice about which stain to use that basically ruined a brand new $1000 wood door, and the appliances tend to be overpriced by comparison to Best Buy and Sears.
Last February I went to The Home Depot with the intent to get a portable AC unit and I left with two lovely house plants and the AC.  My plants are doing great thriving and looking good.  I got a spider plant and a golden pathos. They had a rather impressive selection of indoors plants.  My only regret is that I didn't get a peace lily while I was there.     I purchased my first ever air conditioner and I'm happy I did so at The Home Depot. I have terrible luck with appliances. In my experience no matter how much I pay , be it $30 or $ 300.00 my appliances always seem to stop running right after the manufactures warranty expires.  So I opted for the additional year of coverage which cost peanuts. I believe the additional protection it was less then $15.00 dollars.    To this day I find it funny that my hubby and I purchased THE LAST PORTABLE AC the store had, remember guys this was last February. So apparently there was a run on ACs last winter.   Anyway it's still working great even after I dropped a screw inside of it on accident and I'm happy with my purchase.  The staff did a good job helping us find the AC and I'd  be more then happy to spend additional dollars at The Home Depot.  I might even get that peace lily after all.
I am not a Home Despot fan in general as I like to favor small hardware stores instead.  But I was here with a friend who is in the middle of a home renovation project and needed my help.  I was here at an off time and on an off day and the customer service was great.  3 out of the 4 people who helped us really knew what they were talking about.  I really felt like I was in a home depot commercial with the friendly workers explaining their products to you and helping you make smart selections.  In the course of an hour in the store at least 6 people asked me if I needed help finding something.  In Home Depot I often have to walk around for 15 minutes to find a sales person who knows nothing.  This Home Depot was quite different from the rest.
I've always enjoyed this branch for my home repair needs.  It's quite close and never too busy.  The staff have always been nice and helpful.  One complaint I have is that the key maker/machine here seems a bit off.  Of the three times I've come to make copies of keys, I had to go back again because the first copies wouldn't fit very well.
Wow, this place gets railed in some of these reviews, but I actually kinda like this store.  It's your standard Home Depot in terms of product selection, so there is nothing too notable in that regard. The customer service experiences I've had here have actually been mostly positive. Over the last several months, I've been going paint crazy in our house, so I'm pretty much on a first name basis with the guys at the Home Depot paint counter (it's kind of embarrassing that I'm there so much to the point where they know me, but whatever). Anyway, Jamaal and the rest of the paint department staff have always been very helpful, giving me tips and advice on paint color, type, tools, etc. They're patient with me when I request tons of paint samples (and I know how super annoying that is). Dare I even say that I look forward to getting my paint here?!   As another example, we get our Christmas tree at Home Depot every year, and we've always been very pleased with how nice the staff has been in helping us tie it to our car. And just the other day my husband and I were in the plumbing aisle sizing up tools to help us unclog a drain, and an employee walked up to us and asked us if he could help. So nice. In fact, I can only recall one less-than-positive experience here, and it was when an employee mis-cut some wood for us (which we didn't know until we got it home and it wouldn't fit in our subfloor). So I guess the service hasn't been 100% perfect every time I've been here, but for a big box home improvement store, I've been very pleased overall.   I do hate the parking lot though. Every time we go here, we pretty much count on the fact that someone will almost hit us, either while we're driving or walking into the store. Also, we have a compact car, but yet it seems like we barely fit in the parking spaces. With such a huge lot available, I'm not sure why they felt the need to make the parking spaces extra small, but it just adds to the craziness of the lot.
Needed to get keys cut so off to Home Depot I went. Someone immediately offered assistance as soon as I walked in the door and directed me to the correct place to get keys cut.  Employee was very fast and pleasant as he cut my keys (which work perfectly in my doors).  Only downside is the parking lot craziness. I felt like I was going to get hit or hit someone else everywhere I turned.
I dont stop in Home Depot too often. I'm an apartment dweller and while i spend countless hours on Pinterest, I dont do too many DIY projects.   I've been in this home depot a few times for random things i decide i need. It's also closer to me than (dare i say it) walmart and if you use both websites, many things at this home depot are priced better. For example, my bathroom is small and has no windows so sometimes the air is moist. I looked online for good products and found "Damp Rid" it had nice reviews and seemed to be easy to figure out. This store only charged $3 for that item while walmart charged $7.50.   Judge me but i also like walking around home depot.. checking out different types of kitchen cabinets or bath tubs whenever i come in.  An employee was happy to help us locate the damp rid and he had a good idea where it was located. Also, everyone we came across said hello and was kind. it was actually surprising. Kudos to home depot. They are doing something right to have so many happy employees. Yesterdays experience is the reason for 4 stars.
Much better than I had expected for a home improvement store within city limits! Staff were helpful and knew exactly where to point me when I needed some guidance. The organization of the store is pretty much like Corporate dictates - the same as the rest. The items offered are reasonable quality, although most aren't super high end when it comes to fixtures and appliances. That being said, I have always been able to find a great many items that are key to maintaining my home in tip top shape. They keep a nice supply of LED bulbs, garden tools, hardware, and regular tools, so I am satisfied. I haven't ever consulted with them for a home improvement project, so I can't really comment on that aspect, but they definitely advertise the services! Will definitely be back due to it's convenient location.
I am not at ALL a handy person and home improvement skills do not come to me naturally. With that, I must say that I've always had a positive experience with the staff at this Home Depot. Somehow they've done a great job of never making me feel like a complete idiot when it comes to home repair. If you live in the city, this is the spot to go.
I've shopped at several Pittsburgh locations over and while all staff are friendly and helpful there's something special about the crew at the East Liberty location. It doesn't matter if I'm buying light bulbs it a sink, they take the time to go over any and all questions with attentiveness and care. Having custom made paint mixed is always a breeze.
Very modern, super friendly staff, classess offered to public and students alike.  Unfortunately they were between shows when we visited, but even then there was a lot to see and the instructor upstairs was quite comfortable working in front of the public.  I'd go back, especially if I lived in town.
Most definitely, I'm a fan of this joint. There are fabulous, high-quality displays of glass art, and they offer lots of learning opportunities if you want to make your own glass art or functional glass pieces. Plus, on gallery crawl nights (First Friday of every month!) they have snacks galore.
I had drove past the building for years but, never went inside. My first time here was for a Yelp event and all I can say is wow! This is such as cool space and concept.   The building is two floors and divided to about five different areas. The gallery is a cool space and each time I've been there was a different cool display. There are also different sized class rooms for working on different types of projects. Such as the hot shop, cold shop and framing shop. I highly recommend seeing the glass blowing demonstration in the hot shop. It's pretty cool to see being done.  My daughter was been several times and loves it as much as I do. One event she went to was a totally FREE event for teens called Play by the Fire. It gave them the chance to make art with local organizations including:  Assemble, were the teens got to build and test games using the scratch programming language and conductive materials.   Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, were the teens got to Learn the basics of Photoshop and become an all powerful fire Wizard with green screen.  Carnegie Museum of Art, were the teens got to document the fun of Play by the Fire while experimenting with retro Polaroid cameras and learn how Pittsburgh Biennial artist, Corey Escoto, manipulates Polaroid film and combines photography with other materials to make imaginative works of art that are currently on view at Carnegie Museum of Art.   MAKESHOP at Children's Museum of Pittsburgh, were the teens got to create a short stop-motion animation. Create and use handmade props to build a simple set. And work with an overhead camera to tell a story frame-by-frame.  Manchester Craftsmen's Guild, were the teens got to watch current students demonstrate on the potter's wheel, as well as use an interactive Photo booth. Attendees will be able to print their own photos to take home. Current students demonstrating on the potter's wheel, as well as an interactive Photo booth. They were also able to print their own photos to take home.  The Mattress Factory, were the teens got to combine a small motor, battery, cool trash and a marker to create a beautiful and unexpected drawing.  Pittsburgh Filmmakers, were the teens got to explore creating their own surface pattern design repeats with hands-on collage techniques using 2D and 3D collage materials. For those who wanted to take it further got to use a scanner, Adobe Photoshop and color copies to visualize what they're pattern would look like as wallpaper, or fabric.  Pittsburgh Center for the Arts, were the teens got to create a unique jewelry pendant, earrings or key chain using the enameling process - the art of fusing glass to metal. The resulting objects combine the best properties of both elements: the strength and durability of metal with the shine and color of glass.   Pittsburgh Glass Center, were the teens got to make their own glass paperweight, flower or pendant.  Union Project, were the teens got to watch live demonstrations and got a chance to go for a spin on the wheel.  The Warhol Museum, were the teens got to join artist educators from The Andy Warhol Museum in silk-screen printing and button making. Remix and collage imagery to make cool layered prints and buttons.  The teens also got to dance by music provided by Kelly Strayhorn Theater, Swag Monkeys and Tracksploitation and got to watch Andrew the Impaled, Pittsburgh's premier pain proof clown and performance arsonist.  They even got to eat furnace-fired pizza, gooey s'mores and more! My daughter absolutely loved the event and can't wait for it again this year.   I love the Pittsburgh Glass Center but, must say that some of the prices for events are too high for most people to be able to afford going to the center very often. Maybe if they offered a Groupon or something like that. But, all in all, the Pittsburgh Glass center is a must see.
I've been to this Midas several times. Had brakes and tires replaced, and have gotten my oil changed. Also came back patch job when I found a nail in my tire. Fair, honest and good customer service. Recommend arriving early as they get pretty busy during the day.
I always come here for oil changes, The workers are very friendly. I'm a poor college kid and they are always trying to find me the best deals, thank goodness. I have no complaints!
$5 large pizzas at night, who doesn't love that.  And they aren't bad.  But they deliver and are way better than Vocelli's.  I have mostly good experiences when I go.  But once I was there waiting for a take out pizza alone, and some drunk Pitt students were harassing like everyone in the place.  To summarize, good pizza and cheap.
I ordered 2 pizza's from here today to take to some friends who are volunteering for the election.  Everything was ready in less than 30 mins.  The pizza was good - nothing fancy - not too greasy, sauce was good.  I should have ordered the large instead of the medium. I would definitely order from here again.
I order from these guys on campusfood.com They are pretty good .. i get my order on time and their quality has been pretty consistent I mostly get things like hoagies and pizzas.. they are pretty decent This place is pretty convenient for me when I am working on campus late at night when most other places have shut down.
I have to say, I maybe (/definitely) had these guys programmed into my phone when I lived over in Shadyside. I term this branch "Good Ole Faithful," as they have come to my aid during many times of need, which possibly includes Saturday nights at 2am (sorry for having to deal with me, guys). The pizza is freakin cheap and pretty damn good, especially for the price. I maybe (/definitely) use to call them every Monday when they had an extra-large one-topping pizza AND an order of bread sticks for only 9.99...... 9.99! I'm not sure that they still run this deal, but I could generally get a large cheese for about 10 bucks, and you can't really beat that. Not too greasy, just enough but not too much cheese, their pizza (and actually other food items, which is surprisingly quite extensive) is better than average and tasty for a night in alone or stumbling in with friends after a night out. I usually just walked over, where's it's perfectly nestled in the shopping center across from Mad Mex and Buffalo Blues on S. Highland- however, they deliver too- and both options are surprisingly quick. Enjoy!
I ordered 3 extra large pizzas for my family and friends who helped me move over the weekend.   We were pleasantly surprised that the 3 pies fed all 8 of us (and some of us twice!).   The pizza was sliced thin, which I personally like, and tasted good as well! I also liked that the pepperonis were small.   I almost forgot.. The delivery man was really friendly too!
This has been my go-to pizza place for years now---I'm a fan! Basic quick pizza, but if you do pick-up, it's a great deal. I usually get feta cheese and a veggie and have never been dissatisfied.
I ordered a large pepperoni and gyro. Delivery was quick for a Saturday night in the rain. I unwrapped the gyro and was very happy to see gyro meat that was freshly sliced (from an actual spit), and pita that was nicely toasted. Pizza Parma's tzatziki (cucumber sauce) was a little thin and runny, but the flavor was good. The pizza was well composed with small, crisp rounds of pepperoni evenly covering the surface. The cheese and sauce on the pie was balanced nicely and not too saucy or cheesy.  Crust was quite thin, not too bubbly or voluminous. All in all I was very pleased with my Pizza Parma experience. The pizza I had tonight was tasty and a little above average but the gyro was a true delight.
My friend is about to have a baby, and we have been ordering a ton of pizza for pick-up in Shadyside lately.  Since I have ironed through most of the places in Squirrel Hill, it's fun to try the other pizza places.  Maybe my friends and I hit Pizza Parma on an extra good night, but we thought the pizza was better than Pizza Perfecta just down the street.  Even better, Pizza Parma has a parking lot!  We ordered an extra large cheese pizza ($13.99 special) and an order of breadsticks ($4.99), and we were told the pizza would be ready in fifteen minutes.  They totaled $17.10 (lower than we expected from menu prices), and I threw a couple dollars in as a tip because the people working at Pizza Parma were so nice!  The man behind the counter was so friendly and everyone working here seemed to be happy.  Plus, our pizza was ready in ten minutes so score.  This was a pretty standard cheese pizza.  There was lots of cheese, which was great.  It wasn't overly spiced sauce nor was the crust special, but we enjoyed the pizza.  The breadsticks were good, but I wouldn't order them again.  They were the circular pizza crust kind, and I prefer the fluffy kind of breadsticks.  All in all, we will probably keep ordering takeout from here.  Other reviewers seem to have other stories about here, but I suspect they have similiar issues to Pizza Bellino in Squirrel Hill.  Some pizza does not survive the delivery process very well.  This pizza wasn't so good once it sat, but it was yummy fresh out of the oven!
I love there chicken salads yummmm .. And they have good pizza too so when your chilly in the house order up
Terrific eye doctors! Their hours are odd (they differ from when an eye doctor is available), but the eye doctor got me in and out in under 30 minutes. Ordered my contacts and eyeglasses quickly and efficiently too.  The only negative would be they mischarges me my copays. I'll have to fix that the next time I'm in.
I made an account for several reasons: mostly because I've been meaning to, but partially because this place is getting a bad rep here.  If you are looking for a fancy laundromat, a place to hang out, or a place to put your clothes in and leave for an hour, this isn't the place for you.  If you are looking for a laundromat with machines that work just fine, low prices by comparison to other local laundromats, and timely removal, this is the place for you.  For me, I like to put my clothes into the washers (minimum 2.25 for the top loaders, 2.75 for greater capacity although it is rarely necessary), start them up, and go next door to the Turkish convenience store. Grab a Coke, go back to the laundromat, sit down with a book and read. 28 minutes go by, the machine beeps, and I move the clothes to the dryer. Throw three quarters in there and dry on high, and they're done in a little over 20 minutes. In total, a week's worth of laundry costs about 3 bucks, maybe 3.25 if you like your clothes scorching hot out of the dryer.  The machines are always clean when I go, and there's a parking lot in the back. Do your business, get out in under an hour.  Yes, the walkway is a little narrow between the machines, but that helps when you're transferring clothes. The floors aren't the cleanest, but you're not there for floors. There's an ATM inside and a change machine that's always worked for me. No bathroom, unfortunately, so I can't give it five stars, but everything else is in great order.  It's in a convenient location, it's cheap, and it gets the job done. Get in, get out. If you're looking for more, why?
I like Whole Foods. But if you can help it, don't go on the weekends. It's a complete zoo on the weekends. Don't even bother going there on Mondays, bec. so much of it is picked cleaned by the locust hoards that come in from the outlying suburbs.   At first I was a bit sceptical about Whole Foods w/ its apt nickname "Whole Paycheck." However not everything is super expensive and some things are cheaper than Giant Eagle or Trader Joes. I really love their 365 Brand and I'm just resigned to not being able to buy everything I want at one grocery store. Eg. I would love it if Whole Foods sold non-frozen Ezekiel's bread.   I actually buy  a lot of basics here and some of them end up being cheaper than  Trader Joe's or Giant Eagle.  Things I always buy at Whole Foods and no where else, bec. I have found it way better in price/quality: -365 Brand Tofu (MUCH better that Trader Joe's tofu that has  weird texture) -365 Brand dried beans/canned beans -365 Brand butter (no BST) -365 Brand Edamame (is far better than Trader Joe's Edamame which has a strange smell). -365 Brand whole wheat flour  Of course I prefer Trader Joe's for their peanut butter(bec. it has no salt) and Ezekiel's bread. And I do end up buying their coffee, bec. it's slightly cheaper than the Allegro Coffee at Whole Foods. However, the Allegro Ethiopian Harrar is quite good.
The bakery is delish!  Cakes, bread, you name it... it's all good.  Bread is from a local.  Cakes are fresh, not loaded w/ a ton of sugar, and buttercream is buttercream, not a wannabe.  I can't believe how jam packed it gets - crazy!
I always used to avoid Whole Foods because I thought it was way more expensive than Giant Eagle or Trader Joe's.  I recently moved to a new apartment and made a quick run to Whole Foods to stock up on groceries.  It's now the closest grocery store to me, so I figured, why not just this once?  There was tons of interesting looking stuff, and I found myself getting carried away and filling up my cart way more than I had intended.  I braced myself for the total in the checkout line and was pleasantly surprised when it wasn't much more than I typically spend at Giant Eagle.  On top of that, the produce stayed fresh for way longer than GE's typically does!  From now on I'm going to stick with WF for all my fresh produce needs (along with a few other specialty items -- some of their frozen Indian food is surprisingly good), but I'll still go to GE for my everyday grocery shopping.  Sure, their parking lot is a madhouse, but so is the Market District's.
Compared to other Whole Foods locations, this one is tiny! For comparison, the Whole Foods in Las Vegas must be at least three times the size. Still, it's nice to have and it is pretty decent overall albeit pricey.
Hello!  I work pretty close to Whole Foods so I frequent it about 3-4 times a week for lunch. If you're there M-F between 12-1, you can find me in the salad/bread area (on the north end).   Compared to other Whole Foods I've been to, I would actually rate it a 3 but considering I do not know of any other Whole Foods around, I thought it's my duty to those that do not know about Whole Foods a chance to give it a try. If the zucchinis at Market District looked a little weak, give Whole Foods a try. Plus their pre-made food is actually yummy.  I'm able to keep my lunch on a budget by only buying lettuce and chicken from the salad bar (typically under 1/2 pound). I stash dressing, cranberries, and cheese in my office. I've tried buying the bag of pre-washed lettuce but I never finish them and I hate seeing them go bad. $3 lunches isn't bad at all.  Other notes: The tofu chicken is really good (part of the salad bar)! It's not always available though. Also, none of their bread varieties impress me. I like their sushi rolls. If I could afford $8/day lunches, I'd probably have it everyday. I'd give their cashiers 5 stars. =)
My next stop today was Whole foods to replenish my vitamins. I really hate coming here. It's always packed and people drive like humongous IDIOTS! I quickly grabbed my blood builder, biotin, and vitamin C. I tried to walk around and check out the hot foods, sushi, and anything I might like for lunch but I felt like I was at a crowded concert hall! People were bumping into me right to left! If I stopped to ponder in one spot someone was on my ass staring me down.   Sooo not in the mood so I hurried up and got out. While pulling out of my parking spot two drivers who wanted my spot basically blocked me in fighting for it, and the one lady started pulling back and nearly hit my car. Oh NO WAY! I decided that my usual neighborhood store would not fail me, so to co op I drove...fast!  Ha ha just looked over my review. It sounds bad but I have to give props for my vitamin selection craze!
I find it really easy to save money at Whole Foods. Did you know that you can stack a Whole Foods coupon with a manufacturer's coupon? If you google "Whole Foods deals," you'll find a whole slew of couponing blogs that tell you where to find the coupons. Most are available online too, so no worrying if you can find the coupon section from last month's Sunday paper.  I don't find their prices that outrageous compared to other stores in the area for the things I shop for. The 365 brand is a good value and oh, do I love the bulk bins.  This store barely compares to the Whole Foods in other cities, but its a start! I don't get here as often as I like since I'm in the South Hills. However, when I do go, I try to get here before 10 a.m. on a weekend to avoid the parking lot craziness.
What's the most dangerous area in Pittsburgh--the Hill District? Homewood? Garfield? Wrong. it's the Whole Foods parking lot. Since I drive a Mini Cooper, it's considerably easier for me to zip around and dodge the Lexus SUVs that fly at you from every angle in this jungle of a parking lot, but I'm not sure how you people with normal-sized cars do it. Compounding the problem are the abandoned shopping carts rolling about and sometimes filling the already-limited parking spaces, thanks to the shortage of shopping cart corrals. Cold and tired, I found myself seriously considering abandoning my cart when I noticed that the nearest corral was on the other side of the lot. Don't worry, I didn't succumb to the temptation, but judging by the state of the parking lot, I think I'm in the minority.  If you actually make it into the store without any physical injury (you will be psychologically scarred, trust), there's definitely some good stuff to be had. As others have noted, the store is really small, causing the selection to be less than extensive. It's also too crowded. I like to spend a lot time in the grocery store checking out what's new and reading labels and such, but I feel awkward doing that when there's a swarm of soccer moms lurking over my shoulder and zigging and zagging all over the goddamn place. ANYWAY...some notes on various departments:  1. The produce here immediately stands out--it looks so much more appetizing and fresh than at Giant Eagle. Even the bagged salad greens are more vibrant. Unfortunately, it's a tradeoff for the smaller selection of produce, but they have all the basics covered.  2. This past trip was the first time I bought meat from Whole Foods, and the cuts were noticably neater and more consistent than at GE. Not sure if this is a regular thing, but they didn't have any filet mignon (I know, I'm high maintenance. I'M WORTH IT!).  3. The cheese department! I like how GE Market District organizes their cheese a little better, but Whole Foods has a much more interesting and varied selection.  5. The food bar is hit or miss. Some days it's the best thing ever, other days not so much. The sushi is gross. I always seem to forget this and try it over and over again with the same fishy, mealy results. Don't be stupid like me, avoid it.  6. Market District recently got rid of a lot of their natural & organic chip selection in favor of more varities of their store brand. Thankfully, Whole Foods has everything GE used to have and more, which totally makes the extra shopping trip worth it. If you're a fat kid like me, that is...  I don't come here for everything, but there are definitely some advantages here. Plus, the prices here are not THAT much worse than Market District in most cases. And I have no idea how I just wrote so much about Whole Foods?
I have a soft spot for Whole Foods.  I think it gets a bad rap, which I think is largely unfair.  I love food, and I know that sometimes things are legitimately "overpriced," but just because something is expensive doesn't mean it isn't worth the cost.  So I don't believe in rating Whole Foods low just because their organic produce, ethically raised meat, and super hard-to-find ethnic ingredients cost money.  Nice things cost money.  This is not one of the glorious meccas - the Whole Foods in Lincoln Park in Chicago is definitely one of those - but this one is all right.  Pretty decent produce selection, and they always have some fun, mysterious finds.  I like their seasonal treats like meyer lemons, and their well-priced organic local produce throughout the summer.  Small fish and meat counter, but the quality is excellent.  My coworkers love the soups, and we all really enjoy the salad bar.  I love that I can find really unusual things here - their Asian section is small, but they always seem to have what I need.  And the prices on the Whole Foods store brand are really not that bad!  Seriously, like a can of beans will only set you back 99 cents, not that different from your Giant Eagle.  You can find affordable products here if you take the time.  I wish their bulk section was bigger, and I wish they had bulk spices because those make my life amazing.  Whole Foods is like, where I want to do all my shopping when I grow up.  I hate shopping at Giant Eagle, because there's no love and respect for the product.  It's just crap, and OVERPRICED crap spilling out of the aisles, begging for your attention.  Whole Foods has a lot of specialty products, made and sold by people who love to eat, and love to cook.  There's respect for the ingredients here.  To me, that's the best sign of a good grocery store.  If you don't have a lot of cash, like me, then it's good to only shop here when you need to (like for a weird cut of meat, some kind of unusual hot pepper or mushroom, flavored oil, rare cheese).  Every time you come, buy something new, just for fun.  There are so many surprises here!  I just wish it was bigger.  And yes, the parking lot is small and crowded, but like - so what?  Park in the back and walk a few extra feet.  It's not a big deal.
I like this Whole Foods location. I will tell you why.  Many Yelpers have docked stars for the parking lot. I think that's irrelevant. The parking lot, which is actually shared by Starbucks, Wine & Spirits, Walgreens, PNC, and more is two levels and is enormous! Walk a little. You can even take your cart up the elevator.  The Pittsburgh location is not a superstore. Other Whole Foods have a restaurant, brick oven pizzas, smoothie bar, coffee bar, many more food bars, wine, beer, and so forth. This is a teeny weeny Whole Foods. For its size, the selection is pretty impressive. For example, my mom saw something on Dr. Oz called Lingonberry Jam and asked if I would look for it, and there it was. Never heard of it before, but they had it.   Whole Foods has that "whole paycheck" reputation. Granted, this is true if you're spending your whole paycheck on rare, gourmet, specialty foods! If that's the case, you might want to rein in your spending a little.   I actually took a notebook to Trader Joe's, Giant Eagle, and Whole Foods when I first moved to Pittsburgh to compare prices. Giant Eagle (Greenfield location) was the most expensive by an overwhelming margin! Trader Joe's was the best value overall, but Whole Foods was very close, and sometimes a little better quality might be worth it. Their 365 brand is especially reasonable for your regular grocery staples.  As for the occasional splurge, this is a good place to try something different. I admit it's hard not to get something extra, but I know I can only blame that final total on myself!
I'm in walking distance, which makes it my primary place to shop for food, and to crown myself as Le Duchess.  :-)  I also don't have to battle the SUV Soldiers looking for prime parking spots - because those people are CUT-THROAT and will most surely kill you (but seriously - they will.  I've been brushed on the leg and knee multiple times by cut-throat drivers in that parking lot.  I believe they would park INSIDE the store if they could). I don't complain about the prices, because the food, and health benefits, are worth it in the long-term.  Not so long ago, I was forking out hundreds of dollars a month in prescription medications because my diet was HORRIBLE.  Since making the decision over two years ago to be more active and eat solely organic and Non-GMO, I'm off all of my medications, and the price of organic food is NOTHING compared to medications and prescriptions.  I'm actually saving money.  And No, I don't even make $20K a year - so it's all about choices.  I'm not "rich" at all, like most people assume, since I regularly shop there.  In fact, I'm usually dead broke.  But to me, eating whole and healthy and protecting my body is not a luxury, it's a necessity. I also like that there is no pharmacy in Whole Foods.  That should say something. My love for Whole Foods resides in the Organic Salad Bar, and Prepared Foods section.  Their salad bar is so fresh and so delicious, that eating salads anywhere else becomes TASTELESS.  Organic makes all the difference. My favorite Prepared Foods is their Vegan General Tso's "chicken".  Little popcorn nuggets of Seitan, drenched in the best General Tso's sauce I've ever tasted, with steamed broccoli.  Molly's Sesame Noodles on the salad bar is our favorite side dish to this prepared foods treat.  I swear we eat it at least once a week. We also love their Bulk Section where we can get bulk quinoa, granola, lentils, and all kinds of things for a really decent price.   The secret to shopping at Whole Foods?   BUY WHAT YOU NEED TO EAT THAT DAY.  It's not smart to bulk shop organic produce, because it goes bad faster.  Buy what you KNOW you're going to eat.  You won't see 10/$10 deals, because the food isn't crap, and you're not supposed to stockpile fresh foods.  You're supposed to eat it when it's fresh.  And buy your dry stock at Trader Joe's or the East End Food Co-Op. I love Whole Foods.  It's the reason we chose to move to ShadySide.
Parking is tough, the food selection is great, and if you call ahead they will set aside awesome moving boxes for you.
I love the large selection and variety of unique and healthier food that Whole Foods provides.  The amount of different nut mixes and flax-like snacks amazes me.  Not to mention, the amount of fresh prepared foods that can be gathered is awesome.  They have specials for the day that will help you buy some of the fresh and prepared foods they provide.  I cannot wait to come by again when I know I am going straight home after so I can buy some refrigerated items!
This review is for the buffet at Whole Foods. Overall, it is good, and there are lots of great options. The food seems fresh and it is a good place to get a quick, healthy lunch on-the-go. I went with a friend and we spent a little over $20 on lunch for the 2 of us, which seems a little high for what it is, but I think we must have just gotten a lot of food because $7.99/lb is fair. Plus it is hard to get lunch for any less than that these days without eating fast food.
I wish there was a Whole Foods close to my house. My wife is addicted to the freshly ground peanut butter from here, so I have to make a monthly trip to replenish her stock.  The meat, seafood and vegetables always look fresh and last a whole lot longer than the stuff from Trader Joes or Market District. Plus you don't have to look at the label for any of the ingredients cause you know the food does not have corn syrup or a derivative of it.   While my shopping at Whole Foods mainly extends to meats, seafood, vegetables/fruit and milk/eggs, I sometimes crave their assortment of cheese and I'm a big fan of the bakery section. They do custom orders (I think) with names etc. for birthdays/Valentines Day.    Tip: You get 2 dozen red roses for Valentines Day for 20 bucks. Now that's a steal!  This is a small store compared to what I have been used to. The parking lot sucks considering the traffic it gets (there is a salon in the same lot so that adds to the mess during weekends). Prices are higher than other places since the food is organic but you get what you pay for: fresh, long lasting food. Again you have to use your discretion as to how organic you want to be.  If the store were bigger, had a bigger parking lot and a bigger bakery section, I would give it 5 stars. The layout is good and staff is always helpful.
The produce here is always fresh, the cookies by the pound are delicious (especially the caramel wafers!) and they are a much more comprehensive grocery store when compared to Trader Joe's.   I would avoid going here in the afternoon on weekends though...too crowded.
This is a very well stocked Whole Foods in Pittsburgh. I am quite fond of their vitamin and natural beauty section, it's not something you'll find in every grocery store. Their prices on Garden of Life vitamins are the best I've found in the city. You walk in to their lovely produce section. I really like the way the fruits and veggies are stacked, it's different.  The staff is super helpful and will walk around the store to find the answer to your questions. We often find ourselves there at lunch time visiting their hot foods and salad bar. The prices are fair for high quality foods. The one awful thing about this location is the parking lot. There is not enough spots close to the building, and no one wants to walk all the way from the garage when there's nowhere to put your cart after you load your things! And the drivers! Oh, the other drivers. They will wait f-o-r-e-v-e-r for someone to vacate their spot. No matter that they're stopping traffic out on the road! I always have to psyche myself up to go there and deal with the parking situation. But when I go, it's well worth it.
Just wanted to write a review based on my experience today.  Everything I went for was in stock today (which doesn't always happen). The place was crowded, as usual, but the line went fairly quickly. On my way in, I saw a $5 fish sandwich with creamy coleslaw advertised outside. Three guys were there cooking. Looked and smelled delicious, so I paid inside with my groceries. When I came out, I told the guys I bought one. They were really nice and asked me what kind of bread I wanted and what I wanted on the sandwich.  Some lady that was "in a rush" was upset her sandwich wasn't ready when she came out (but they explained the fish was cooked, but they couldn't set up the sandwich without knowing what bread or toppings she wanted). Just watching the way they dealt with this customer was great for me. The guys were so friendly and patient.  Also, the sandwich was delicious! The coleslaw was also awesome! Yay! I am so happy I stopped by when I did.
Ok, the parking at this Whole Foods is an absolute cluster. It is not uncommon to pass fender benders in the parking lot on a Saturday. My suggestion is park closer to the CVS and avoid the abominable parking and terrible driving.  It's generally extremely crowded on the weekends, espeically in the afternoons, so if you need to grocery shop on a weekend afternoon, make sure you have a list and start in the back. You will thank me later.  Though this location is small, it is always well-stocked, and the staff, though some are aloof and pretentious (even though they are working for corporate America-hello), most are helpful.  I love the prepared foods and salad bar. It's a great option for those nights when you just don't feel like cooking. There are $6, $8, and $10 meal options, and all come with two sides. There is also a large selection of dips, spreads, and large take-away sides as well. I think their prepared foods are worth every penny, and if you don't load up your salad with heavy items, you can easily get a dinner-sized salad with a little meat or egg for $8 or $9.  Some of my favorite items at this location include the fresh fruit packaged in containers. It's super expensive, but always fresh and delicious, and I love treating myself to it, especially during the summer. I also love the fish selection-it's pretty extensive, and you can always find fresh harder to find items such as red snapper.  The raw nut offerings are extensive as well, as is the chocolate...  My favorite thing to buy at this WF is coffee. They have a huge selection of Allegro beans, as well as local offerings such as La Prima. Try the La Prima Peruvian blend or the Allegro Malawi blend. Amazing.
I've been to a many different Whole Foods, this one is a little small, but nice.  Pro -Very nice hot & cold bar -Nice eatery -Large selection of fresh breads & desserts -Very nice produce, meat, coffee & grocery selection  Cons -Small, so very crowded -Not a large bulk section, no flour, spices or sugar -No wok or burrito bar -Carts are outside
I love Whole Foods, and I have been a fan for a few years now. I've visited Whole Foods locations around the country, but this Pittsburgh location is one of my favorites. It's a small store, but it feels homey and comfortable.  Staff: Most of the staff members are super friendly and willing to do just about anything to help you find what you are looking for. I had one staff member begrudgingly help me out, but I assumed he was having a bad day or was very busy. Either way, it's nice to treat others with respect.   The cashiers here are so fantastic. They are never rushing and throwing food into bags. They take their time, ask you questions and treat you like a person instead of another number in a long line.   Deli/Made-To-Order: The deli and made-to-order foods are currently my favorite. Sometimes I would rather spend $20 on lunch here with my boyfriend than go to a restaurant or get fast food. My favorite is the vegan chicken salad on foccacia bread. I adore this bread. It's just the right texture, it's nice and herby and deliciously buttery. Topped with swiss or muenster, it's a super delish sandwich. If I am extra peckish, I get extra veg. chicken salad. Yum yum yum!   The tomato bisque they have is something I newly tried. I'm very picky about my tomatoes and tomato products. This soup delivers. I wish I could have it every single day. It's so phenomenal! My boyfriend got it today alongside a cheddar biscuit that paired beautifully with the soup.   Cheeses: If you want fancy gourmet cheeses, the Whole Foods deli counter might be the best choice. We purchased a small amount of Midnight Moon Goat Cheese Gouda and made the most expensively delicious grilled cheese sandwich. We're grown-ups now, say goodbye to gross American cheeses! The cheese counter is so great because all of the cheeses are labeled with the kind of rennet used in the processing. You can easily find a high-quality vegetarian cheese with just a glance. The cheese experts are also willing to talk cheese to you for as long as you like.   Store Selection: Overall the store has great options, but they don't carry everything that I wish they did. Unfortunately, they discontinued one of my favorite products - Field Roast Deli Slices. They bring in new and trendy foodstuffs though, so it's enough to keep me happy.   Whole Foods can be pretty expensive, but if you don't fall for the tempting packaged foods, you can get away with a reasonable grocery bill! I primarily shop here for special items though.   P.S. Their selection of natural body and haircare is great and affordable. If you have sensitive skin or don't want your products tested on animals, go here!
Yes, the parking lot in crazy. Yes, the prices are outrageously high (it's not called Whole Paychecks for nuthin'). Yes, the store is small and usually crowded and the majority of the people who shop who here completely unaware they are NOT the only people on the planet. All those things aside, I love Whole Foods. Most of the issues can be handled by slight changes in habit. For instance, park farther away instead of circling the GD parking lot for the closest spot!!! I get so sick of people complaining about that damn parking lot when all you have to do is park by Walgreens and walk. Seriously, the walk won't kill most of us. Stop being lazy. (Sorry, for the tirade; that's a pet peeve of mine).   The produce is fantastic, always. And not just the organic stuff either. The regular pesticide-laden produce is great. The quality of the meat department is second to none. Now, the bakery is a little 'Eh' for me. The muffins and cookies and cakes always look De-Lish!, but they aren't. Usually to dry or dense or flavorless. It really doesn't matter because the star of the show is...  The HOT FOODS BAR. The quality and taste of most of the hot foods/prepared foods bar is unbeatable. I lovelvoelove the breakfast bar. My dream weekend starts with waking up and taking a nice long walk, stopping for coffee then heading on to WF to pick up Eggs Rancheros Burritos and Sausage patties from the breakfast bar. I may get creamed by a bus the second I leave, but I will die happy.   Some of my other favorites are a Vegan General Tso's "chicken" that has the BEST real chicken texture. It's really good! The mozzarella pasta salad, Sicilian cauliflower and the egg rolls which are seasonal. Don't forget to check out the packaged hot foods across from the salad bar; same stuff but pre-packaged.   As a note though, the chicken fiesta soup is nooooot good. Bland with a capital B! In general the soups are hit or miss, but a real hit is the triple squash or Butternut squash, something like that. It's next to sushi. It's very good
I don't shop at Whole Foods that often since it isn't that close to me. There's a Shop n Save a block from my house, so I buy most of my food there.  One thing about Whole Foods is they specialize in fresh fruits and vegetables.  Their produce is definitely impressive. All of the oranges, lettuce, berries and bananas peppers are perfectly ripe.  They never have spoiled or bad fruit.  The pastry section is definitely worth checking out.  They have fruit tarts and a lot of different flavored cheesecakes and cannolis.  Whole Foods seems more expensive than Aldi but less expensive than Giant Eagle.
As a vegan (since 2008) we are a regular at whole foods. It's convenient since we live in Lawrenceville. My one and biggest complaint is that they need to carry more (if not all) organic produce. Not this "conventional" garbage. Other than that they have a huge variety of products and grocery items to choose from. Staff is always friendly and helpful.
I love going here, if you shop smart it really isn't your whole paycheck and is less expensive than other options in the area (Market District I'm looking at you). I only buy the store brand unless I need something special for a recipe, and my bill is consistently less than anything I bought at Market District. The quality of the produce and the meat cannot be matched anywhere in the city, unless you go down to the Strip. But hands down my favorite thing about going here are the employees. If you read anything about the corporate structure or culture of Whole Foods you'll understand why everyone seems so happy to be working. I have never had a request met with anything less than a smile, and I love that they are willing to let you try a new product before committing to the whole purchase.
I love Whole Foods!  I know that it's pricey and sometimes people scoff when they hear others say that there are certain things that one can only find at WF but it's TRUE!  I do try to do a lot of my shopping at Trader Joes and Market District, but the Market District on Centre Ave is almost comparable in price for the same products at WF and sometimes a little more expensive.  This WF is clean, well laid out, and the staff overall are helpful and friendly though I've run into some employees with attitude particularly at the checkouts, but overall it's a great store and you just have to know that not everything is organic (always read your labels) and that the parking lot will always be a nightmare.  Overall this is a great Whole Foods just avoid shopping here just before any major holiday because it's always madness!
I recently seen Whole Foods for the very first time in my entire life, and I was pleasantly surprised. I was especially shocked by the costs--not since they are worthy of the "Whole Paycheck" nickname, but because they are incredibly low. Probably the nickname was created by people that had formerly just shopped at affordable-o supermarkets. I enjoy the well-stocked salad bar and dining area, and so does the rest of Pittsburgh, seemingly. Half the city was gathering salads during my last visit. Vegan items are plainly marked as such, and everything is fresh.
I shop at this Whole Foods location at least once a week and usually more often than that. It's a haven for someone with a milk allergy, as there are many delicious vegan options in the prepared food section, and the different types of almond milk cold brew they stock are to die for! If I need a dairy substitute I always come here, since the prices and selection are much better than Giant Eagle. The staff also are willing to do things like print the coupons books for you at customer service, so if price is an issue they can help save you money. This location is smaller than some others I've been to, hence the star reduction, however for my current needs it almost always does the job.
I went here to get my serpentine belt replaced and a transmission flushed and these guys were friendly and efficient.  They took the time to explain things to me and I felt comfortable that they were making the appropriate recommendations without trying to charge me for things I didn't need.  It was ready in just a few hours as promised so I was able to pick it up same day.  Only complaint is that they left my transmission fluid dipstick out of place under the hood so it was just laying on top, but fortunately it didn't fall down and screw up anything since it was laying flat on the top, but if it had that could've been a more serious problem.  So I subtracted a star for that since it seemed a bit careless.
I took my Jeep to Brian and Jim's shop a month ago because I heard a grinding noise at about 20 mph and above in the general area of the rear wheels.  I talked with Brian a several times and he seems to be a knowledgable and good guy.  They found a used "rear end" and installed it at what seems like a reasonable price.  Jeep sounded great when I got it back.  It's now two weeks later and the same (or similar) sound is back.  When I called Brian said essentially, "Bring it right in and we'll take a look."  I like this shop.
In the past several months the employees have made my fiancé and I much more comfortable. They call us before entering our apartment (with the exception of when we were out of town and had a large package delivered, they put it inside our living room). Also, they are more pleasant to us in general after we voiced our frustrations with them. Originally we signed a 12 month lease, knowing we would only be living in Pittsburgh for 9. They helped get our apartment signed by new tenants and we are able to get out of our lease early without breaking or violating it. They have done a great job changing my feelings about them.   Justin and Maureen are the only Franklin West employees that were always courteous.
I'm torn!  If I could give it 4.5 stars instead of 5.0 I would, but I can't quite do 5 because I've been to other Pittsburgh facilities that have better court facilities and my own home courts out West didn't get a 5, so I can't be accused of bias, haha.  PITC is just that, the Pittsburgh indoor tennis club.  It is conveniently (for Shadyside and surrounding areas) located in the East Liberty area, very close to Target, PetSmart, and Pizza Sola.  There's five courts, four full courts and one singles-only court.  They play faster than average with a low bounce unless you're a heavy top-spin hitter.  They're definitely kept in good condition and for an indoor facility that seems to be older in age the lighting is quite good.  I did their two hour clinic on Sunday afternoon after playing a USTA match there and I can definitely say it is a great great great value.  You get an excellent workout and the teacher during the clinic actually gives your pointers and provides remarks on your game.  Definitely looking forward to trying out more of their clinics in the future.
Hats? They got some sweet stuff.  Shirts? Stuff you won't get anywhere else.  Socks? They got you covered.   Great staff and cool location. Go check this place out.
New location in Garfield is the bomb!! Quite literally. Brian is a fab shop owner with the latest trends. Always support local business!
You can see their second bar through the front windows.  I always assumed that that was their first bar, and just walked by the place maybe a hundred times, until walking in and noticing that everyone was drinking in a different bar.  In other words, this place is *huge* inside.  The place looks like it was decorated about the same time many other cities built up chinatown areas; I like the decor, even if it might be slightly dated.    Chinese and Korean food, at or above my expectations.  The stuff on the menu is good, and they're willing to put together things that aren't on the menu if you ask nicely.  Kung pao tofu is my favorite so far.
I happen to stumble upon Jimmy Tsang's while up in Pittsburgh visiting. I must say, the food is REALLY good. The service was great - but I only had a drink there with my boyfriend and we got take out. We liked it so much, we got take out for my family 2 nights later.   The woman that runs the front is very nice / sociable and likes to talk about each dish. She has great suggestions for your taste. Her husband is the chef (they are both from Korea) and he has been cooking as head chef in restaurants for over 20 years. If you like Chinese food, you will love this place. It also has two cool bars inside.   I highly recommend this place. The reason why I give it 4 stars is because we got take out - not sure how table service is, but I'm sure it would be good with the nice people working there....   A must try! I bet it would be a cool first date kind of place....
Great stuff here...The cheese plates are great and always changing. Awesome staff, and the menu offers an nice variety!!  Ask for Tim for your waiter!
This place used to have a great bar/tapas menu with a decent selection of happy hour wine specials.  Now...  not so much.  Well, during HH, you can get any of the wines under $10 for $5.  Selection by the glass is limited.    As for their menu/dinner - this is totally a different story.  I haven't really been disappointed yet!  The appetizers/small plates all pretty good, I really like the chevre croquettes ($7).  The salads are good and although I haven't gotten the soup anytime lately, I hear great things from my friends.  The entrees are always excellent - I usually tend to stick to the seafood (halibut, $29) and never have been disappointed (and importantly, nothing has ever been overcooked).  The signature orecchiette dish ($20) is soooo delicious - just ignore the fact that it is a heart attack waiting to happen - it's worth it.  The desserts are ok, personally, I feel that you would be better advised to stick to filling up on the entrees.    Oh, and let me recommend the blood orange martini if they have it - very very yummy!  And it is nice that you can order Veuve Cliquot by the glass ($16).  Prices are a bit high for what you'd expect for Pittsburgh, but considering the quality of food, I would recommend it.  P.S. I have heard that they have a great brunch on Sundays. I personally haven't tried it, but with the number of compliments I hear, it's probably worth the try!  ------------------------- Update 12/9/07:  Went to the brunch.  What a great deal!  For $22, you get a choice of alcoholic beverage (bloody mary, mimosa, bellini) as well as a starter and then the entree.  They have a lot of choices, so be prepared to just try one and come back again to try the other stuff!  The smoked salmon appetizer was good although with too much mayonnaise sauce and for me, too much onion.  The truffled potato was yummy.  The arugula salad was as delicious as ever!  And for entree, we both got the Casbah benedict.  I have to admit that neither of us was blown away, but it was good and filling.  I think that we will both be back to try other things on the menu!
Well it's official Shadyside is becoming my new favorite area for restaurants.  Damn you Big Burrito Group with your local ingredients, contemporary design and excellent service.  I was here last night and on a Monday this place was doing brisk business (definitely a good sign).  The space itself is beautiful.  You  enter from S. Highland into the outdoor dining area, which because of the heaters is viable almost every day of the year.  There is plenty of seating outdoors and a few tables indoors.  The design is contemporary.  The bar is large and has a nice area opposite for more informal seating.  The one thing I dislike about the bar area is that the "stools" are actually chairs that are not moveable, so your distance next to your "neighbor" is pre-determined.  I also prefer to stand at  the bar instead of sitting and this set up makes that more difficult.  The wine selection is pretty extensive and they have a good happy hour special that any wine or premium cocktail is just $5, which is really good when many of their wines are priced at over $10 per glass.  The hostess was very nice and professional even though she was young taking our names as we went to the bar for a drink and then anticipating our return with two menus in hand.  The server was a nice enough guy and helpful when it came time for our dinner selection.  We ordered a bottle of conundrum which is a delicious choice and I guess in line with what others charge.  We were started with an olive tepenade (sp?) and some crusty toasted thinly sliced ciabatta I think.  The tepenade was too oily and salty for me, but I guess it's what I should expect since it's ground up olives basically.  The bread was great.  It was warm really hearty bread that was wheat I think, definitely not white.  It was served with room temperature butter with some sea salt on top.  Really good start.  We then tried the smoked salmon appetizer.  I'm a huge fan of smoked salmon and was pleased with the quality of the fish, served nicely with capers and chopped egg.  It also was served with a patatoe pancake that was crisp on the outside with warm and delicious  filling.  The only thing I was a bit perplexed about was why it wasn't served with some type of bread or crouton to put the salmon on.  However, the waiter was happy to oblige by bringing out a few of the toasted ciabatta.  We also tried the lamb mac and cheese (omg was this good).  The pasta was cooked al dente' and definitely made in house.  The sauce and lamb were amazing.  This would make a fine entree' in my opinion and is total comfort food reinvented.  The only detraction I'd say is that it is a very heavy dish to serve as an appetizer on a summer menu.  Fiona had the arugula salad which was nicely prepared with pork belly (kind of like bacon), feta, and a few other interesting ingredients.  We also tried the short rib ravioli, which was incredible as well albeit a heavy dish.  By the time we got to this I think we only tried one ravioli each (plenty of leftovers).  This is such a rich dish, because shortribs are like the epitome' of richness and then to wrap them in ravioli and add cream sauce is really indulgent.  But, then again this is my chef not my cardiologist.  I tried the Elysian Fields Lamb which was cooked perfectly medium and then served with their homemade pasta wrapped around some of the lamb as well.  This was really good and the pasta was a surprise.  I actually would have preferred a green vegatable on the side instead of pasta and mashed potatoes.  The bartenders are good, especially FionaOverall, a really good place and a nice flagship of the big burrito group.
The food here is pretty good.  Comparable to any 3 to 3.5 star restaurant.  The lamb is definitely good.  And it is definitely a good date restaurant.  I would rather give it 3.5 stars since I've definitely eaten at better restaurants. But for Pittsburgh, it ranks pretty high up.
Can be moderately priced for lunch -- take advantage!  We had a cheese tasting simply because I *never* pass up Pleasant Ridge Reserve when given the opportunity.  They also choose a lovely soft sheep's milk and an herbed goat cheese from Cypress Grove.  Nice work but pricey -- only two slices of baguette and apple!  I had the romaine salad -- should have gone with a sandwich and the delicious looking truffle fries!  The feta and red pepper dressing were just too salty and rich for 1pm.  I spied a number of delicious looking sandwiches from my table...  Service was great and the waiter even went out of his way to answer a couple questions about the cheese selection.
I'm not sure why this place is called Casbah.  Casbah conjures up images of genies and sand dunes or something.  Nothing about this place seems remotely middle eastern to me, other than the name.  That aside, good food and great service.  Definitely a place to impress.  I especially enjoy patronizing establishments that focus on seasonable, sustainably harvested ingredients, and although Casbah is not doing the whole "locavore" thing, it certainly is striving for the organic and seasonal thing.  So, off the bat, that gives it big points in my book.  We started with the calamari and the squash ravioli.  Skip the ravioli - small and kind of dried out.  But the calamari was MEATY and perfectly fried.  I actually had to stop because I was feeling ill from eating too many of them.  We all had the argula salad, which was delicious.  Quite sizeable too, given the setting.  Finally, I had the scallop and crab meat... uh... pasta dish (I have no idea what kind of pasta it was... sorry).  Which was quite good.  I actually would have preferred it over linguine, I think, but whatever.  It was deelish.  Not sure why I'm not giving this place five stars.  I really enjoyed it, but it wasn't a WOW experience.  Better luck next time perhaps.
Another great big burrito restaurant, Casbah offers some great wine and spectacular food in some great, and varied, dining rooms.  The three dinning rooms, "outside," inside and downstairs.  While downstairs isn't always open when it is try and get a seat down there, it is beautiful and quiet.  Perfect for a larger group of people.  Outside is always open and you don't really realize you are outside aside from the non-padded patio chairs and heat lamps all around.  The food is Mediterranean fusion, not exactly sure what is meant by that but it is good. The hummus here was actually the first hummus that I had ever had and I am sorry to say it is what I compare all other to, few match up.  The wine list is extensive, but if you are going for an upscale bar this isn't the place, for that you'll want to go down the road to Soba.  If you want a nice place to have a drink and a conversation, Casbah is it.
I have been coming to Casbah for over a decade (pretty much since it first opened).  I very much like the place, and it has maintained its general character even as the head chefs have changed over the years.  Casbah is very good about continually updating its menu in an effort to stay current and relevant.  Over the years I have enjoyed many wonderful meals here including a fantastic orrechete (sp?) pasta with chicken and cranberries in a lovely cream sauce, and some of the best pork  chops (double cut)  I have ever encountered (although I no longer eat mammals, so they are likely to be the best pork chops I will ever eat).    This is not an inexpensive place, it can be quite pricey for dinner.  One plus is that they have a very reasonable brunch on Sundays.  Their arugula salad during brunch with small diced potatoes and pancetta is fantastic.  My one complaint about the salad is that it needs a bit of acid. I always ask for a small slice of orange and then squeeze the juice onto the salad.  This cuts through the fat from the pancetta and makes the salad even more tasty.  Others may disagree, but even though this is a fairly fancy place, it is suitable for children.  Casbah has a semi outdoor seating area that is enclosed and heated even in winter.  My wife and I have often dined here with our kids.  This semi outdoor area is a bit more casual and absorbs the sounds of loud children fairly well.  You can bring kids without suffering the disdain of any but the most obnoxious of fellow diners.
Amazing brunch! I'd never been to Casbah before until this past Sunday when we decided to check it out for their prix-fixe menu.  For $22, you get your choice of alcoholic brunch beverage, an appetizer and an entree. An incredible price for a serious amount of great food. They had many options on their fixed menu - something for everyone. From huge waffles and omelets to lamb dishes, fish and the usual brunch regulars such as eggs benedict too. The appetizers list was equally as large.   I started with a bloody mary. Was a nice middle ground between heavy and light - and it had some kick to it. Very good. For an appetizer I got the cheese and fruit plate with french baguette slices. There was a soft brie-like goat cheese, a blue cheese and a mild dry sheeps milk cheese as well. All were wonderful. For my entree I went with the Salmon Eggs Benedict. It was perfect. The fruit on the side was fresh cut, and the home fries were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  I tasted a couple of other things as well. Both the polenta and the mushroom soup on the appetizer list were great. Didn't try any of the other entrees, but everyone seemed pleased. The only complaint was from a friend that ordered the truffle omelet - and it was that he thought they went too heavy on truffle oil, drowning out the eggs.   Also, service was absolutely perfect. We had a tall waiter, forget his name, but he was one of the most professional servers I've ever had. The table was cleared and cleaned immediately...he was never pushy, always friendly, and had great suggestions. One of the best experiences I've had for restaurant service anywhere.  For brunch in Pittsburgh, this is my favorite so far. Not to be missed!  Now I just need to make plans to go back for dinner.
There is a disconnect here between this name, the decor and the food. That said, I had the best pork chop I've ever had here and for that I was endlessly thankful. Good salad, delicious bread and hummus. Great service. For Pittsburgh, top notch.
My best friend and I went here for dinner today and were very pleased - though I do have to say that we both had our free birthday entrees and that undoubtedly influenced things.  I was surprised at how pricey it was before the coupons, but everything was good.  We started with two big glasses of sangria.  I thought the blueberry schnapps flavor was a little overpowering at first but it either evened out or I got used to it.  I had the risotto with morels, peas, and scallions, which was delicious.  I had never had morels before and now I understand why they're so pricey.  There was only a small handful of them on the side of the risotto, but they were delicious.  The risotto was very creamy and flavorful, the kind I wish I could make myself.  My best friend had the short rib ravioli, which she really enjoyed.  I tried the sauce and it wasn't nearly as rich as it looked.  We split a creme brulee for dessert, and the waitress very sweetly put candles in it and wrote Happy Birthday on the rim, which was a nice touch.  The creme brulee was good but definitely not the best I've ever had.  (That award may go to Soba's coffee creme brulee.)  The total bill would have been $72, which seems a bit steep.  But it was a nice restaurant and a really nice atmosphere.  The patio was lovely.  I will definitely be back, if not for brunch then absolutely for that delicious risotto!
Part of the same restaurant group as Eleven, which I have eaten at and reviewed here, Casbah is a vibrant restaurant in Pittsburgh's Shadyside district.  While the menu changes daily, there are several mainstays available on most evenings.  One of them, the pork chop, is one of the finest I have ever had.  Double cut, juicy and flavorful, it is an absolute winner.  Braised kale and butternut squash risotto accompany this perfect dish.  I managed to sample two other dishes (courtesy of my willing dinner mates) that are also noteworthy.  The short rib ravioli is an excellent combination of tender, richly flavored beef rib and toothy pasta.  The ricotta cavatelli combines fresh, simple ingredients into a well structured dish.  Service was a little hit or miss the evening I was there.  Part of that may be because we were a large group and the restaurant was rather busy.  However, for an establishment of this caliber, I do expect more.  Nevertheless, I plan on trying Casbah again on my next trip to Pittsburgh.
We decided to give brunch a try for our first visit to Casbah.  We were surprised  by the huge tent covering the "outdoor" dining area.  We opted for an inside table, the interior is somewhat small the tables are close together.  For brunch, you are served your choice of drink, appetizer and entree.    For our drinks, BJ had a Bloody Mary and I had a Bellini.  We were served a basket of yummie bread and mini muffins.  For appetizers, we got a Three Sisters Farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake.  Very good.  For entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the NY strip steak.  Very relaxing and tasty meal.
I went on a date with my girlfriend here, and it was a great experience.  Charming outside dining area with excellent service and a knowledgeable staff.  I will say that the food was a bit overpriced, but that's to be expected in Shadyside.  Great selection of fresh seafood - I had the salmon and it was delicious.  Reasonably priced wine list, as well. I would recommend Casbah for a special event or if you're rolling in the $$.
My boyfriend took me to Casbah for my birthday this March. This is one of our twice-a-year splurges and I have been wanted to go to this restaurant for ages. We were seated outside, in the covered, heated patio. We were far enough away from the heaters that we didn't get too hot, and far enough from the doors that we didn't get too cold. The menu has changed slightly since we dined there, but some of the things have stayed the same. We started with the sheep's milk gnudi, which is like ravioli without the pasta. I have a gluten allergy and I have missed ravioli quite a bit, so I was happy to eat this. The flavor of the sheep's milk is quite strong and unique, which I like.  For entree, I had the double-cut pork chop. This was absolutely great - the flavors and textures of the pork, butternut squash risotto, braised kale, garlic cream, and sage jus went really well together. It was an enormous portion, as well - I took some home and ate it the next day! My boyfriend had the seared rare tuna. He was less thrilled with his dish, and when I tasted it, I agreed. I normally LOVE seared tuna but this was not the best treatment of it. It tasted a little too "fishy" and I didn't think the other flavors complimented the tuna.  Instead of dessert, we sampled two dessert wines recommended to us by the server. I do think that $10 is a little much to charge for such a small glass of wine, but I guess that's what you have to expect when you dine at this level. We are great fans of the Big Burrito restaurants, and I think we preferred our experience at Soba to Casbah. While our food was really good, the prices were a little unreasonably high. And I wouldn't recommend the seared tuna!
Went here on father's day with my best friend and it was oddly not crowded at 11:30am on a Sunday. Anyway, we got the Brunch prix fixed meal with mimosas! Yum. We sat outside and it was just a nice cool environment with the overhang of plants and vines.   For my 2 courses I got the cinnamon polenta which is basically like oatmeal but much more creamier. IT was honestly, amazing. I loved it. It came with some almonds and some cranberries, but the polenta itself was great. I would come back just to have that for breakfast. For the main dish i got a crab omelette. It came with fresh fruit and potato fingerlings. The potatoes were great and the omelette was ok. Not the best I have had, but any place with crab in an omelette should get credit.  It was a great brunch and i was stuffed by the end. This place was courteous and the waitress was attentive but not overbearing. We had a great time here and it's just a nice place to relax.
I ate here in January and was very impressed. We ate in the basement, although Casbah has two floors and outdoor seating. I thought the atmosphere was very good, and the fish (I forget the exact dish) was well-prepared.  This is on the expensive side, but worth it for a special occasion.
Another one of Pittsburgh's finest restaurants.  The best things about Casbah are it's very cool atmosphere, good service (a very friendly hostess and knowledgeable server).  I had a wine flight (they have a good wine selection), and several appetizers, soups and salad.  Everything was delicious, especially the complimentary bread and they olive oil-based stuff you can put on it.  Most of the ingredients come from local farms and food suppliers, and I really liked they even gave them credit on the menu, the first time I have ever seen that in a restaurant (shouldn't they deserve at least as much credit as the chef? After all, they spend months growing the stuff chefs spend maybe seconds using).  The atmosphere is really cool, I recommend sitting out on the patio in summer.  The only negative things I can say about Casbah is the high price for relatively little food and the misleading name (I expected more of a Middle Eastern menu and vibe).
Casbah is great for a special occasion or if you feel like splurging. The atmosphere is very nice and the food is fantastic. The beer selection is above average.
I had lunch here on a hot Saturday, so we skipped the outdoor seating in the front and opted for the air-conditioned interior.   The sweet corn fondue appetizer was a definite highlight of the lunch.  I had thought that the cheese might drown out the flavor of the corn, but both flavors held their own very well.  The chanterelle mushroom and goat cheese omelet I had as my entree was okay but not outstanding.  I did, however, enjoy the mesclun salad that came with the omelet, especially the vinaigrette and fried shallot slices.  Dessert was a semolina cake with macerated fresh peaches and cream cheese ice cream (think cheesecake flavored).  The bookends of my meal were so delicious that I wasn't all that disappointed by the middle portion of it.  While I can't afford Casbah on a regular basis as a grad student, the prices aren't exorbitant.  There's even a lunch special for $14, which gives you two courses: either a salad or cup of soup, and your choice of a pasta, risotto, or half a sandwich.  I didn't choose this option, but it seems like a reasonably-priced way to sample several things on the menu.  Our server was very professional, and checked on us after every course (the appetizer, entrees and dessert).  I'll definitely keep Casbah in mind for special occasions in the future.  It's classy without being pretentious or stuffy.
If I could, I'd dock a half star after my second visit.  But I feel positively enough about my first meal there, that taking off a whole star seems harsh.    I got a free entree coupon for my birthday, for signing up for Big Burrito's mailing list, and decided to revisit Casbah.  The good: we got to enjoy the patio even though the weather was a little cool because it was heated.  My maccheretto, a pasta entree with white beans, sun-dried tomato, pesto and walnuts, was very good.  The pasta was al dente and the white beans were perfectly cooked (not mushy).  It was maybe a touch too salty (the fontina, maybe?), but I was happy with the choice.    Now, onto the weird.  After taking our orders, our waiter asked if we wanted bread with our big-calorie pasta dishes.  Checking if we want bread is fine--but, umm, he could have left out the comment about the pasta?  My friend and I are both twentysomething women.  Luckily, we're not that insecure about our bodies.  We like to eat.  Yes, bring the bread.  When he brought our entrees, he sang "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you" under his breath as he put my pasta in front of me.  I don't like people singing to me at restaurants, so I'm grateful it wasn't audible to everyone else on the patio--but a simple "Happy birthday" would have sufficed.  Then when he cleared our plates, he asked if my dish was "everything [I] wanted, and more."  I appreciate the gestures, but it felt artificial.  He asked if we'd like to see the dessert menu--and added that he was supposed to ask that, that we shouldn't feel obligated.  Uh, what?  I think this and the bread/pasta comment bothered me the most.    To redeem the birthday coupon, you have to show an ID.  I recently cut my hair, so it's different than my license photo.  When he returned my ID to me, our waiter said, "I like the short hair."  If this had been the only unusual statement he had made during the meal, I would have taken it as a compliment.  I guess it is one.  But when considered with all the other weird things, it just felt like he was trying way too hard and my friend and I both felt awkward.  The food here is good and I feel that the service this time was unusual, and the more professional service I had on my first visit here is closer to the norm.  I'd feel leery, though, if I were to have this particular server again.
The food was excellent--I had the roasted garlic cream appetizer and orecchiette, but between our table, we tried half of the menu with no complaints.  The port flight was unique and the wine list was good.  The bartender has a little trouble with our cocktail orders, but those were good as well.  The covered patio was perfect for a Friday evening in late August--it was pouring outside and we stayed dry.  The service was so-so, which I'm docking a star for.  The server was attentive, but she was a little slow.  She also spilled the apple icewine on two of us while bringing out deserts and we were charged for those drinks.  It gets crowded, so make a reservation.  Mad Mex is still my favorite Big Burrito restaurant, but Casbah is great for a more formal gathering or date night.
Nice menu, nice atmosphere. I'll definitely be back. NYC prices
I ate here for brunch on Sunday.  It's $22 and you may have to roll yourself out after.  It included a mimosa/bloody mary, appetizer, and main plate.  I had the fruit and cheese along with the brioche french toast.  All was great.  They could have had some more flavorful cheeses, but the atmosphere and kind service made up for the lackluster cheese.  The bacon and potato fingerlings were absolutely amazing!  I will definitely be returning for brunch!
great atmosphere and great food. while the menu changes seasonally, my group all enjoyed the food - crab/scallop pasta, pumpkin risotto and rare tuna.  casbah also has a great wine list, and great service that is there when you need them, but doesn't annoy.
I've been here twice now, once for drinks and once for dinner, and I'd have to say that generally, I'm a fan.  Their happy hour has some good deals - $6 cocktails and glasses of wine, and $1 of bottled beer.  It was a fun, trendy atmosphere and a nice place to go for a glass of sangria after a busy day.  I came back for dinner a month or so later.  We had reservations (on a Monday night) and were seated immediately -even though the restaurant was surprisingly busy.  We sat in the covered area out front - sort of like sitting in a dim, Mediterranean garden.  And yes - the lights are low throughout the whole restaurant.  Even with my young eyes, I still needed a candle to read the menu.  But it is romantic and a peaceful place to eat.  A little uncomfortable, as they have metal chairs (sort of like upscale patio furniture), but not a big deal.  Sit inside at a booth if you need to sit on something soft.  The menu is pricey and we're all poor, so we just got entrees.  I actually had a cocktail to start - the Perfect Pear - with elderflower liqueur, vodka, sage, pear, and vermouth.  There was even a little sage leaf floating in the glass.  It was a wonderful drink, with all the flavors I love.  Still, for the price, I think the portion was a little stingy.  When I buy an $11 cocktail, I like it to really fill the glass.  We nibbled on warm bread while we waited, and all tried their pesto on top - I think it was an unusual homemade pesto, something like walnut-watercress?  It was a bit bland - I think regular basil pesto would've been a better choice.  Things got better during the actual dinner.  I ordered the Heritage Farms Chicken which was juicy and fresh, and served with a tangy pasta.  Each little detail of the dish was well-chosen - honestly, even the grilled baby squash was outstanding.  It's just squash!  But somehow, it was heavenly.  My friend enjoyed her Cioppino, and my boyfriend liked his veal tortellini, complete with rich pieces of lobster.  I tried a little bit, and it was tasty - very herbal and really bursting with flavor.  The only dish that fell a little flat was the potato gnocchi - my friend's boyfriend ordered it.  Actually he liked most of it very much, but he couldn't get past the aggressive bitterness of the turnip greens.  I tasted them too, and I have to say - it was off-putting.  Perhaps that's just the way turnip greens are, but it really didn't work for us in the dish.  Fortunately, the waitress was incredibly kind and helpful, and brought him out a new plate sans greens, which he finished happily.  We also had a few desserts - vanilla bean creme brulee for us, flourless chocolate torte for them.  I didn't taste it, but apparently it was incredibly rich.  I enjoyed our creme brulee - because I enjoy all creme brulee - although the roasted quince on top didn't quite work for me.    Overall, the meal ranged between good and very good, but the great service from our waitress really pushed this to a 4 star rating.  I had hoped to be a little more wowed by the food.  But this experience was definitely positive enough to warrant a second visit for dinner.  I think it'd be a nice place to go for a special occasion, or if you feel like a little splurge on a flavorful meal.
Great food and very nice decor, one of my favorite restaurants outside downtown Pitt.  The best places around Pitt are the bars or bar/restaurants (some of the best in the country IMO).  But if you're looking for a straight-up classy place to eat, it's a tough place to beat.
Last night was the first time that we had been to Casbah in a long time - we used to absolutely love it, but a couple of disappointing brunch and dinner experiences had put us off of it. However, we decided to give it another chance, and I am glad that we did.   Even though we had a reservation, we were seated (without them asking us our preference) in the front area, but that was fine, since the heaters kept it toasty warm. It was also a great table thanks to our terrific waitress. Wow, was she cheerful and friendly! She was also helpful with making recommendations - when I asked her about the cocktails, she pointed out the relatively new "Beet and Potato," which had beet-infused vodka as one of the main ingredients. It was a cool cocktail - an interesting blend of savory and sweet, and very seasonally appropriate. I don't know if I would order it again, but I'm very glad I had it once.  For dinner, I ended up having a soup and then an appetizer, since I wasn't too hungry. The caramelized onion soup was so warming - it was like an update of the classic french onion soup. The broth was not too salty (a common problem with onion soups), and the onions had been braised perfectly. Everything was just the right texture as the onions, broth, and "crouton" blended together.  I ordered the sheep's milk gnudi for my main course. Even though it came in an appetizer-sized portion, it was still a lot of food, since the gnudi are so filling. The gnudi were nicely molten in the middle, and just the right softness on the outside. There were a variety of accompaniments to the gnudi, but the standouts were the brussel sprouts. I'm actually not a huge fan of sprouts, but I ate every one in the dish. They were light and buttery, solid but not rock-hard, and had just a trace amount of bitterness left. That is how sprouts should taste!  Even though I didn't plan on ordering dessert, I ended up getting the warm walnut baklava with cinnamon ice cream. The warmth of the baklava melted the ice cream nicely, and the flavors just blended together on the plate. The baklava was quite traditional in its assembly and spice blend, but the extra cinnamon with cream gave the whole dessert just a bit of extra oomph.  In summary, I'm glad that we gave Casbah another try. I wish that they would go back to offering all of their pastas in both entree and appetizer sizes, and I miss the crazy variety of wine flights that they used to have (it seems like they just have 4 now), but it's still a great dinner destination.
In order of consumption...the bar is energetic, but has the worst and completely immovable bar stools ever created. We were initially placed outside in the all year round patio...absolutely no atmosphere, so we asked for a table inside...20 minutes later we were inside which had a much better vibe. I started with the Blue Bay Mussels which were truly the best I have ever had, plump, juicy and perfectly complemented by the chorizo and white beans, absolutely sublime. My wife had the veal meatballs that were also delicious. For the entrees I had the lamb loin with couscous and my wife had the veal tortellini, although very tasty we oth agreed that both were too rich. My only criticism would be that ALL the entrees looked rich.
Rock the Casbah! Rock the Casbah!   A group of us went to the Casbah for a girls' (and one guy) lunch.  It has been ages since I've been to the Casbah, and since I live clear across the country, I was looking forward to going back.    All of us enjoyed our meals -- many ordered the Jumbo Lump Crab Chopped Salad or the Wild Mushroom and Goat Cheese Omelet.  Both were nice portions. I was fixated on the Orecchiette Pasta, grilled chicken, dried cranberries, Capriole goat cheese, sage cream, and it was a home run!  (I wasn't watching calories that day!)    Service was excellent . . . surprisingly so, especially with a table of eleven, a bunch of "Sallies" and one "Harry" if you know what I mean.
Casbah is the type of restaurant that I find most difficult to write about.  I came here recently with my beau for a special birthday dinner, seeing as they had several vegetarian options on their menu. We booked our reservation on OpenTable, which I was glad to see that they actually used. I noted that both of us diners were vegetarian and found that our server and hostess were very accommodating in that respect.  We were seated outside, which offered us a pleasant experience on their lovely patio. Their ambiance is nice and their service outstanding. I found that everyone there knew what they were talking about and possessed a deep passion for food, as opposed to obnoxious pretense which upscale restaurants like Casbah can have.  As for the food, it was above average. Nothing outstanding, but definitely still tasty. My boyfriend ordered the gnocchi (made veg), which turned out to be excellent, while I got the cavatelli (also made veg). We also shared a half-order of the torchetti and unfortunately, neither the cavatelli nor the torchetti stood out too much. The gnocchi and the appetizer (grilled chickpea flatbread) were by far the highlights.  In the end, come here for the service and ambiance, but don't expect to have the meal of your lifetime.
Of the Big Burrito group restaurants Casbah is the one that has never failed us.  Consistent and delicious with great flavors of the mediterrean.    All of the dishes are served with great flavors from their pastas to their duck but their signature Arugula salad is a reason in and of itself to visit.  Crisp clean flavors with complex combinations of textures.  Special occasions or hungry on a week night... casbah is a great stop
So I hated this Soba place owned by the same people, and I happen to stumble into this joint for lunch. It had a great sandwich (crab) and the soup was pretty decent (cream of cauliflower). Not sure how they are owned by the same people as Soba (I mean, obviously different chefs) but usually the same owner means similar quality and price, no?  Maybe the dishes are just hit and miss, and I got a hit here, whereas I had a serious miss over at Soba.  In any case, the crab sandwich was good-- nice, large chunks of crab.  No overkill on the sauce.  The soup was likewise good.  I don't understand how the two restaurants could possibly be related given the night and day of my food experience!  The wine, however, was overpriced for the quality.  I guess people aren't from SF and expect good wines for the same price!  Save your money, buy a nice $40-60 bottle at home and have a much better vino experience but pay less (or the same!).
This review is for brunch only! I've never been here for dinner...but been here quite a few times for brunch.  Casbah's brunch is a prix fixe...which at first seems expensive, but when you realize the amount of food you're getting, it's sooo not. You get an appetizer, entree, and drink (yes, a real drink, with alcohol) for just $24. I usually end up spending more at my other Big Burrito brunch spot, Kaya, so I consider this a pretty good deal.  They start you off with a basket of muffins and biscuits with honey butter on the side. And it's refillable. Try to restrain yourself from eating too many baked goods though, so you can get to the real food. For appetizers, everything I've had was pretty good (polenta and the salads have been my faves), but for the entree, there is only ONE thing you should order: The lamb & eggs!  Crusty sourdough bread topped with spinach topped with braised lamb shoulder and roasted garlic, topped with poached eggs. One of the best things I have ever eaten in the morning. The scallop scramble is just okay, the steak & eggs are pretty delish...but the lamb & eggs is by far the best thing on the brunch menu.  This is one of the few places where I don't opt for the Bloody Mary...it's pretty blah. I do their Salty Dog with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, or sometimes get it sans alcohol if I'm really feeling the pain from Saturday night.  Unfortunately, while I love the atmosphere, I feel like the service is lacking. I can't explain why, but it always feels awkward and doesn't hold up to the standards set at other Big Burrito spots (even Mad Mex). I know it gets busy on Sundays, but still. Service issues aside, The food is still worth it.
Very expensive for a college student, but quite good. I would recommend this if you enjoy European food in general.
Loved it. Great service, great food, great wine. Very yummy.
This place was recommended by an employee at Evolve spa across the street and I was very happy with the restaurant. The Salmon appetizer was delicious as was the gnocchi meal. I will definitely go back to this restaurant when I visit the area.
Food phenomenal! Service can be hit or miss.
very refined service  excellent desserts  nice salads - not a fan of the cuisine - nothing against casbah
Overall a good experience. Food was mostly very good. My sweet pea risotto was just OK. My wife's short rib ravioli was creative and very tasty. Neither of us are big eaters, but noted how small the portions were, especially compared to the price. One cup of risotto for $20+? Four ravioli for the same?  They altered the desert recipe on request, which for sure was over and above the call.  Service was attentive and the setting nice.
We arrived late in the evening and had to ask our waiter about the "pasta festival," which he mentioned.  It turned out that both pastas, the salad, the calamari, the cocktails, and the service were good.   Casbah would have been livelier earlier and more pleasant without a loud and persistent talker in the party of 6 at the next table.   I'd definitely return for the food and service.
Good food - Great atmosphere!  Service will depend mostly on where you sit - They have a nice covered outdoor seating, if you're out with a group of friends - The bar area is pretty neat with lounge seating facing the bar.  Try the Short Rib Ravioli
Service is a little slow but overall the best food I've had in Pittsburgh so far. If you're a seafood fan, the scallops are amazing. Very decent wine list and lots of parking.
In my opinion, Casbah is the best of the big burrito restaurants. I have been to Casbah for dinner and drinks a few times. During my latest experience, I was impressed by the hearty fall entrees. I decided to take my husband to Casbah for his birthday on friday night. I called on Monday and luckily, I was able get a reservation without a problem. When we arrived, the restaurant was packed but we did not have to wait. We were sat in the beautiful front covered patio area.   We decided to start our meal with the veal and pork meatballs. This was my favorite part of the meal. I could have ordered 3 of these for my entree! The polenta and the crispy brussel sprouts added a smoothness and a salty crunch. Delish. You have to try these! For my entree, I ordered the double cut pork chop and my husband ordered the cioppino. The huge pork chop arrived medium well, as requested, but was still tender and juicy, even better when dipped in the sage jus. In additiion, the bitterness of the braised kale paired well with the smooth, creamy parmesan and proscutto risotto. My husband was also a big fan of the cioppino. The mussels, clams, shrimp, halibut and scallops were cooked to perfection. I was equally impressed with the size of the scallops. We're talking the width of a coffee cup! Unfortunately, we were too full for dessert but were presented with housemade salted carmels to end our meal.   If you are looking for a place to enjoy good wine, amazing food and a pleasant atmosphere, Casbah is for you.
I love the Big Burrito group and I love even more that they just sent out a bunch of coupons. The other night, I got off early from work and was able to go to Casbah for dinner during the week.   When we got there, they took a minute to figure out where we would sit even though it appeared that they were empty. However,  1/2 way through dinner it seemed like they were seating those with reservations inside and walk ins outside.   The place is set up with what would be the patio, enclosed. There are big heaters on the ceilings that are directed straight at the tables. I will say that it was a little too warm and even though the host said he would turn them down, I don't think that was done.   The waitress came and told us about the menu, took our drink orders and brought us some bread with a yogurt spread and salted butter. I did ask her if the $10 off entrée coupon could be used on the pasta entrées and I think at that point she began to think that we were poor young kids. But back to that later. . .   To start we shared the crispy calamari ($11) with capers, lemons, chili and parsley which was probably some of the best calamari ever. It was not chewy and it had the best sauce ever! We also ordered the grilled chickpea flatbread appetizer ($9) which I expected to be a flatbread but actually came as grilled pita with three separate dips - baba ghanoush, hummus and red pepper muhummara.   For dinner, I ordered the short rib ravioli ($24) which came with swiss chard, oyster mushrooms, roasted shallots and gremolata. This was the more decadent dish ever! When it first came, it had about 6 raviolis and didn't appear to be enough but it was more than enough!  My husband ordered the Casbah Double Cut Pork Chop ($27) which came with braised kale, prosciutto & parmesan risotto, garlic cream and a sage jus. The pork was very moist and the risotto was cooked perfectly. There were no left overs!  After this huge meal, we decided on taking a dessert to go. We both agreed upon the Dark Chocolate Rasberry Bread Pudding ($8). So I asked the waitress if it would travel well since we wanted to take it to go. At that time, she looked at me and asked if we had a toaster oven where we lived. . . Um yes lady we do, in fact we have an oven also AND we own our own home. Despite the comment, we took the dessert home and put it in the oven later that night and we were not disappointed.   Overall the meal was delicious, we got to use two $10 off coupons and I would highly recommend it to anyone. However, I still favor Eleven!
Went here for the brunch prix-fixe menu- such a good deal! Drink, appetizer, and main course all for $24. First, we got a pastry basket with mini-scones, croissants and biscuits. I told myself I would eat half of each to try everything, but they were too tasty to resist! For appetizer, I got the granola and berries and my friend got the creamy polenta. Both were great options! The granola did not taste like anything you get in a box- could definitely tell it was made in-house. The creamy polenta was so different and delicious- will get that next time I go back. Was pretty full by this point but that didn't stop me from completing my  main course! I got the Casbah Benedict with Smoked Salmon and my friend has the Tuscan Eggs. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals and were stuffed by the end!
When scoping around online for a good NYE dinner destination for my husband and me, Casbah's prix fixe menu really jumped off the page! Since the Big Burrito group is so popular, I was happy to get reservations, especially since a lot of times were already booked.  The hubby and I arrived a few minutes early for dinner. I had planned additional time to park and was delightfully reminded that Big Burrito restaurants have free valet parking -- so great, especially with slushy snow on the ground! Even though we were a few minutes early, the hostess took our coats and seated us immediately.    Service was extremely attentive from start to finish. Waters were re-filled quickly. Bread was brought to the table almost immediately and we were offered another basket as soon as we finished the first. The bread came with a delicious spread - was it goat cheese? - that I just couldn't stop eating. Silverware whisked away with each course was promptly replaced.  We ordered both the land and sea courses to share so we could try the entire NYE prix fixe menu. None of the eight dishes disappointed! The first courses were Sea Scallops & Octopus and Duck Confit. The sea scallop was perfectly cooked, the octopus - thought not my cup of tea! - was also well cooked, and the balsamic flavor in the dish was very tasty. I absolutely loved the duck confit dish. It was served with mustard greens and fruit with a to-die-for dressing - a delicious combination!  The second courses were Potato Gnocchi and Mushroom Tortelloni. The gnocchi was served with lobster, which was a unique but nice paring. Though a strongly flavored dish, the tortelloni was delicious, and I enjoyed another unique paring, tortelloni with chunks of beef short rib.  Lake Ontario Walleye and Roasted Veal Strip Loin were the third courses. Both were cooked to perfection. The walleye's skin was perfectly crispy, and the veal strip loin was cooked medium well but was still deliciously juicy and tender. However, a component of each dish was disappointing -- a mustard flavor in the walleye and pickled mustard seeds covering the veal. I really can't hold this against Casbah though. I'm just not a fan of mustard!  Finally, the desserts was fantastic! The Chocolate Ganache Tart was the ending of the sea courses. The chocolate was strong, even a little bitter, and was served with a little champagne strawberry compote. I grew more accustomed to the bitterness with each bite, and it was the perfect ending to three courses filled with fish. A Caramel Macaroon completed the land courses. The macaroon was delicious and served with a little apple sorbet and caramel sauce.  Our experience at Casbah was spectacular! Based on this experience, I debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until I returned a second time. And I can't wait to return!
My first dining experience at Casbah was a nice one.  We ordered the cheese plate to start and I and I had chicken for my entree.  The wine list was not huge, but the selection was nice.  The service was very good.  I plan on returning there in the future for a meal.
It's a little pricier than most places in the area but the quality and ambiance is well worth it.    The food was really good and the drinks were relatively reasonably priced for the surroundings,  great place to take a date...or spouse.
Wonderful brunch and good dinner. The service obviously prides itself on being super proper (choreographed plate delivery, polite to the point of almost sappy attitude on the part of the waiters) and it can be a little bit annoying even. However, this is the probably the classiest of the Big Burrito restaurants, so if you're looking for that, this place is great. Extensive, yet expensive, wine menu. Small-ish portions and a very pleasant covered heated patio.
Went here for bruch and had their take on the classic eggs benedict.  I'm a huge eggs benedict fan and this was very good.  I opted for the prociuto as the meat option and I'm glad I did.  It gave the eggs enough flavor without having to add extra salt.    The potatoes were perfectly cooked and the fruit was tasty as well.  Had the bellini and didn't realize how I much I would enjoy it so I had two!
This is definitely one of the most interesting places I've been to, in a good way. Casbah is a great local place that serves smaller (but admittedly pricey) portions, and they change their menu up frequently to match the ingredients available to them each season.  The set-up is...different? I couldn't quite figure out what was going on with it; you basically walk into a door and enter what looks like what was once a courtyard, which was covered with a canvas - maybe they take this down during the summer? Possibly? I'm not sure; anyway, if you walk to the back of the courtyard you'll get into the actual bar.  The menu here, at least during my visit, was delicious - fantastic fresh sangria, a very interesting but tasty bruschetta (that, rather than going with the traditional tomatoes and basil, was covered in a kind of cream cheese, greens and nuts), and a reasonably portioned bowl of pasta with sausage and spinach. Not complaints, other than the fact that the pasta was a bit spicy and I wasn't warned about this. It wasn't too strong, though.  Our waitress was doing the best that she could (I think) but was a little slow. Still, the place was fairly busy and I had good company to talk to during my meal, so no hard feelings on that one.  I say give this place a try if you have the money to spare - and even then, get a coupon or a Groupon; I went with someone who was using a birthday gift card, and it helped the pricing tremendously.
Love this place. I've never had anything that wasn't tasty here. They do fish and meat very well. It's not obscure molecular gastronomy style, but dishes we have had here were all well prepared and savory. We have been to several business dinners in their space downstairs, and it really is my favorite place for these - even more than the pricier steakhouses 'dahntahn.'  Wait staff were very attentive, and really made our experiences here great. Food was served efficiently for large groups, and arrived at the correct temperature. They have a great wine list, and overall offer a comfortable space with delicious food and drinks. Try the lamb loin, chicken, and cioppino - my three current favorites. Their pork chops are the specialty of the house, I'm told.  Will definitely be back.
Ah Casbah...  the epic tale of bi-polar experiences.  As with all the other Big Burrito restaurants, I'm definitely a fan of the upscale and unique spin on an ethnic cuisine (in this case Mediterranean).  The fiancee and I's first venture here left us with some of the best scallops we've had in Pittsburgh and a Jamison Farm's lamb shank that was to die for.  I wish I could remember the waiter's name, but all I can say is, he definitely deserved the 40% tip we laid down.  Take two, brunch.  We sat this time out in the covered and heated patio up front.  While the food was great (I got my obligatory fat kid french toast variation), a rushed server caught her arm on the back of my chair towards the end of our meal and dumped an entire pitcher of ice water on my shoulder and lap.  While I'm completely sympathetic when it comes to legitimate mistakes (and the server was obviously extremely embarrassed about the situation), I was surprised when no follow-up occurred.  The server apologized and ran immediately to the back of the house, leaving two of the surrounding tables to come to my rescue with their napkins.  The server brought us our check, but despite the public scene it caused, not a single manager stopped by to verify that everything was alright.  After writing to Casbah, the manager did respond quickly and offer to rectify the situation, so I'll give them a pass assuming it was just bad timing and an issue where the server was too embarrassed to do anything.
A delicious menu with a twist. Unique wine list too!
I've been to this restaurant with my husband twice, once for dinner before I moved to Pittsburgh, and once for brunch a few months ago, and both were great meals. When I went for dinner they accidentally threw away my doggy-bag instead of giving it to me, but they offered to make me a new order, so it worked out fine. When we went for brunch it was quite crowded and we had to wait a while before getting seats at the bar. The food is really fantastic though and there are good vegetarian options. It's pricey, but worth it if you're celebrating a special occasion. Seems like it would be perfect if you're looking for a romantic place to impress a date.
This is a well run restaurant with great food, great consistency and excellent service.  We were sitting on the patio and the angle of the sun changed to shine right in our eyes, but the waiter was able to quickly move us to a better table.  I highly recommend the cheese plate, it is probably the best in Pittsburgh.  The Arugula Salad is delicious.  So is the Alaskan Halibut.  You really can't go wrong with Casbah.
While in Pittsburgh for 24 hours, we went to Casbah for after dinner drinks.  This place has wonderfull covered outdoor seating, a great bar featuring unique small batch liquors and an overall cool vibe.  I had the Watermelon Gin Fizz. It was FANTASTIC! great gin, wonderful watermelon juice and ice cubes made of the aforementioned watermelon juice.  W also had a couple order of their olives which were great too.  Would definitley go back for a meal.
I am so happy they got rid of those awful bar stools!!!   We often choose not to walk in to Casbah without a reservation because the bar area was historically uncomfortable.  They have traded out the old stools that were screwed in to the floor, too far from your companions, and didn't comfortably turn to face people (who thought that was a good idea?) in for some admittedly less attractive but functional chairs,  I'm a big fan of the lunch and dinner there--we'll add that more often to our walk-in list now,
Lovely, relaxing atmosphere. The cauliflower soup with tarragon emulsion was fabulous, as was the tomato basil soup. The waiter was attentive and happily allowed for a substitution on my salad so I could try one of the raw milk cheeses from their cheese sampler. The grilled chicken breast on my salad was a bit more dry and hard than I like, but I am not a big fan of barbecuing chicken and it certainly seemed to have been charred that way. If the chicken had been moist, this place would get all five stars from me!
So I'm a lowkey snob when it comes to going to nice restaurants and though a lot of places charge an arm and a leg, are overrated, and are just not up to par with what I'm used to coming from Sf and La. With that said, casbah was a nice little taste of home for me.  It had really fresh ingredients and a nice selection of wines to go with. We started with a cheese trio with was paired well with different preserves and chutneys.  We then had roasted octopus and the scallops.   The scallops for me were very interesting and a little too sweet for my taste with the pear and lacked texural components.  However the octopus has a real nice char, and was full of great well rounded flavors.  For our entrees, my bf got the duck which was underseasoned, and the fat was jot rendered out correctly.  The skin was also burnt.  The sides and vegetbales of the dish were seasoned and cooked beautifully though.  I had the lamb loin and it was perfectlh medium rare with delicious bitter greens.  I honestly loved every part of my entree and the red wines we selected went well with the meal.   All in all it was a delicious meal and a really nice environment.  And worth the money.
Visited for brunch again on a rainy winter Sunday.  I reaffirm my previous comments.  Good service.  Generally great food (the breakfast pastries, my breakfast polenta and the wife's scallops were fantastic), however inconsistencies still prevent the 5-star praise.  While the coffee is great, the crud in the creamer and a dirty spoon to start the meal off were not.  In addition, I may have had one of the most bi-polar plates of my life...  braised lamb on grilled sourdough.  The lamb itself was kiss-yo-mama good...  seriously, this meat is a fork cutting affair.  However, the bread itself seemed stale and completely took away from the star in the spot light.  As with Eleven, you can't go wrong with the brunch pre-fix, so be prepared to need a wheel barrel to get yourself out the door!
The last time I was at Casbah was on a balmy spring evening in my sophomore year of college. I'd arranged a dinner with my mother in a fancy effort to spring the news on her that I wanted to move out of my college dorm the following year and into a co-ed fraternity house.  I remember being underwhelmed by the food, but that could've been the chilly reception with which I was met during this particular dinner and the conversation that entailed.   Fast forward fifteen years later (what?!) and I was back at Casbah with Jonathan D. and my future in-laws.  We enjoyed the prix-fixe brunch, and enjoy it we did!  The meal started with a small basket of mini goodies including double chocolate muffins, cranberry almond scones and buttermilk biscuits.  The meal included choice of breakfast cocktail, appetizer and entree. For my selections I chose a bloody mary, Smoked Salmon and Sea Scallop Fry.  Dare I say this meal (with one small exception) rates in my top five of all time?  I dare.  The appetizer was very filling in itself and absolutely sublime for smoked salmon.  The salmon was accompanied by a done-just-right potato pancake that I could eat ten times over.  My main entree consisted of two plump and juicy sea scallops on a bed of sweet potatoes, carmelized onions and sausage (I substituted chicken sausage for the included fennel sausage).  In addition, the entree included a portion of melt-in-your-mouth white corn grits and scrambled eggs that seemed out of place and that I completely could've done without.  A croissant was also included but I asked for fruit instead and was rewarded with a small side of grapes, canteloupe and strawberries.  My fellow brunchers feasted on a variety of Creamy Polenta (looked amazing), a cheese tasting, Lamb and Eggs, and Casbah Benedict. Everyone left smiling and satisfied.  So, if you haven't given Casbah a try in the last decade, it might be time to visit again.  I'm so very glad I did!  P.S. Bring your coat into the restroom. It was about 10 below in there. Brrr!
I've eaten at Casbah four times since my first review - from cocktails and an appetizer to lunch, everything has exceeded my expectations and the service has been great every time: polite, helpful recommendations, and my glass is never empty. I continue to think that the Piccola Gusta lunch menu is a real value and has some really delicious options, but I would have dinner just to try those little candies they offer at the end of meal at dinnertime again - they are a cross between maple sugar and caramel, so good they're worth a star all by themselves.
Really 4+ stars.  I was taken to Casbah for a business dinner and swooned over how good it was.  Coming from New York City and knowing that Pittsburgh was foodie heaven, I was still not expecting something this good.  I had two appetizers (in order to leave room for dessert):  the grilled octopus on a bed of shaved fennel, prosciutto, and orange was light and tasty, and the bucatini with shrimp was rich and satisfying.  The semifreddo with a chocolate macaron was good, though not of the same quality as the other courses.  The cioppino looked and tasted wonderful (I was given a perfectly cooked scallop), but the pork chop that evening was undercooked (who eats medium rare pork???).  I wonder why the wine list is so extravagantly expensive, even by London or New York standards ?!?!?!  The Nietto malbec in the $40 range was voluptuous.  But doe many of the wines are i the $70-$150 range!
Just got back (after looking for a taxi in this 3rd world city - but that's for another review) We liked the atmo.  Liked eating "under the outdoor extension" under the well working heaters- it is fun and really makes it feel like a more unique dining experience.  OK now on to the food. We started with a Spanish grilled octopus - it was delicious - charred grilled taste, delightful blood orange accompaniment - perfect.  Then had we not had the Habitat beet salad yesterday (it was amazing - check my review) - this would be the best, B U T it was still very good and had Maytag blue cheese, pistachios and nice beets - OK not amazing, but nice beets. Then we had another unfortunate comparison to Habitat.  When we had the pork chop - generous portion but a bit fatty. (Again Habitat's was so much better)  We also had the new pasta dish on the menu which was ok - big scallops (4) but a less than impressive sauce.  Glad we went here - it was different, but not really special and the nightmare of getting a taxi back was just -- well a nightmare (what is wrong with Pittsburgh taxi service -- everything)  City fathers (and Mothers) -- fix this!!!!!
Food is simple and delicious, although the service was awful when I went.  Highly recommend the veal and pork meatball appetizer, such a great combination of flavors and textures.
Big Burrito does it again! Casbah is located on a wonderful, neighborhood street in the Shadyside area of Pittsburgh. We got there a little early and waited a little in the lot. Our reservation was for 11 and they open at 11. We were still told the valet had to move our car. I get they have a way they do things and it must work for them but the lot has about 40 spaces that you can see from the street so I don't know why valet is necessary. We are particular about our vehicles and we don't valet anywhere. Not that the valets weren't nice and it's not like we could not see them move the car but anyway...the main reason they get a 4 and not a 5 star. Onto the meal...  We waited just a few minutes in line to be seated. As I said our reservation was at 11 & that is when they open. We were seated promptly requesting the inside area of their dining room. They do have a very nice, shaded patio area as well complete with ceiling fans. We requested to sit inside and the hostess happily obliged. We were greeted quickly by a happy and knowledgeable waitress who was on it. She was not at all intrusive but our water was never empty and we didn't have to wait long for our check when we were done. She asked if we wanted any other beverage. I got an iced tea and the hubby requested iced coffee. The waitress noted they could make one for him by adding ice to coffee and he said yes. He was very happy they would accommodate his request.   We ordered our food and were promptly brought a basket of bread (oh the wonderful bread basket!). We got 3 types of amazing breadly goodness that included cranberry scones (wow), biscuits (warm, soft, & the Hubby's favorite), and (my favorite) the lime, coconut muffin (sweet, lime, coconut, what's not to love). Oh, and let us not forget the maple butter, yum! I ordered the smoked salmon app. The combo of salmon, capers, aioli, and truffled potato cake - absolute perfection! There was a salty, smokey, sweet flavor that was sheer joy on my taste buds. The hubby chose the creamy polenta which he thoroughly enjoyed noting it was very oatmeal like. For my entree it was the sea scallop fry minus the caramelized onions. I would SOOOO get this again! The scallops were cooked to perfection with a wonderful golden outside that makes my heart sing with joy (can you tell I love a good sea scallop?). The combo of English peas, fennel sausage, and white corn grits...it was something special for sure! I could eat that sausage by the boat load every single day! And the grits - smooth, creamy, and perfectly seasoned. Not that it needed it but the dish comes with scrambled eggs and a beautifully, buttery croissant. My brunch was so satisfying, Heaven! The hubby chose the eggs Benedict with prosciutto. He liked it but noted he should have gotten the spinach not the prosciutto. He said the prosciutto seemed vinagary. The dish includes paprika roasted fingerling potatoes which were mild and perfectly cooked. And for dessert we chose the chocolate stout cake on a wine caramel drizzle served with a little dish of creme brulee ice cream. Holy cow! What a terrific chocolate cake & the ice cream rocked too.   Overall, I would recommend Casbah to everyone noting their brunch was fabulous! The valet (even though the need for valet is questionable) and wait staff were super nice, attentive, & knowledgeable. The apps, brunch, & dessert were yummy and delightful. We will visit again!
Had dinner tonight at the bar.  My sister and I wore sweatpants and flip flops... Nobody treated us differently .. The brought out bread with butter and a second butter made from goat milk.. I liked it .. My sister said it reminded her of cream cheese.. We shared the calamari ... It was good... I had the halibut... It was good accompanied with a salad.. My sister had the duck.. I didn't like the duck that much but I am not a big fan of duck to begin with .. We each had wine ... I had the falanghina .. It was perfect.. We shared a bread pudding for dessert.. It was the first time I ever had bread pudding... It like it .. It is a nice quiet restaurant with ample seating both inside and outside...
Very good pistachio rissotto.  Yummy flat breads!  Interesting olives.    They took my friend's allergy (shellfish and fish) issues very seriously.    The patio is lovely!  We had a wonderful time!
PROS: Some of their plates are most definitely unique in terms of ingredients and flavor. Portions are great and flavor was really good.  CONS: Desserts were average. Large portions but nothing special.  PARKING: Challenging given you need to find street parking only.  All-in-all, I enjoyed the overall experience there in terms of service, food quality and ambiance. I'd go back.
Casbah has made my Top 10 Favorite Restaurants in Pittsburgh list. My friends and I went here for one of my friend's birthday. The food was simple yet delicious and transported me back to Greece. Upon being seated, they offered complimentary bread with butter and mascarpone spread. The waiter was very knowledge about the menu and recommended his favorites which included the pork chop entree and that soft shell crabs and corn were in season. As a result, my friends and I shared the soft shell crab app. The soft shell crab was fried to perfection with a small side salad of sliced asparagus and basil with tapenade. The only complaint I had with this dish was that there was only one to share between the three of us.   For the entrees, I decided to heed the waiter's advice and selected the pork chop while my friends ordered the gnocchi and cioppino. What I am about to describe for the pork chop does not do it justice. The pork chop was cooked to the right temperature and did not lost its juiciness unlike most of my experiences with pork chop. It was also huge because it was double cut. The riscotto and braised kale complimented the pork chop well with the braised kale giving the pork chop an herbal component. I did not think I would be able to finish the dish but when I looked down again, everything was gone. I had the opportunity to try my friends' dishes and they were also prepared in an exceptional way. The veal and lobster in the gnocchi added a welcoming heartiness to the dish and the sauce reminded me of a curry. The unexpected combination of the gnocchi and curry-like sauce pleasantly surprised me. Since I have never tried cioppino until that day, I did not have anything to compare it but I was satisfied with the amount of seafood they gave. The only complaint from my friend was that the grilled bread that came with the dish was too hard for her to use to soak about the sauce. She used the complimentary bread instead and loved the sauce.  While we were ordering our dishes, we mentioned to our waiter that it was my friend's birthday. He brought out a dish of caramel with "Happy Birthday" written on it with dark chocolate sauce for her even though we didn't expect anything from them. I am grateful that they brought that dish out. I do not know if the caramel is on their menu but it melted right away in your mouth.   If you managed to read all the way to the end of this review, you probably are asking why I didn't give Casbah all five stars and I will tell you the reason. Although our waiter went above and beyond to get my friend a birthday "plate", the service overall was not satisfactory. Throughout the meal, he did not come over to our table and took a long time getting our checks to us even though we blatantly had finished our dinner for awhile. I have gone to less delicious restaurants who offer better service.  Overall, the food at Casbah is exceptional. They change their menu based on what is in season. Here's a tip: if you sign up for the Big Burrito emails (the parent company of Casbah at https://secure.bigburrito.com/Register.aspx), you will get a free meal voucher on your birthday which is good at any of their restaurants. When my parents come into town, I will be subtly hinting that they take me here.
I am definitely the salt queen.  I literally salt everything from pizza, McDonalds French Fries (even though I know that they already have tons of salt on them).  I also salt ham and processed foods.   I always salt food before even tasting it.  Nothing is off limits when it comes to me and my salt shaker.  Well when my beautiful meal arrived I asked my server for the salt.  None of the tables had salt or pepper shakers on them.  As my server went to get me the salt shaker, I took a bite of my potatoes.  Whoa!!!!!  They were extremely salty!!!!   For the first time in my life,  I didn't add any additional salt to my meal.  For me to say something is "very" salty.... It is very salty.   Being the salt queen,  I stll  was able to enjoy and love my meal.  I am almost guarantee that the average person would not have enjoyed this food..  My friend also tasted my meal and immediately noticed the heavy taste of salt.  However he never salts anything so something with one grain of salt on it, he will be about to tell.    It really suprised me that such an upscaled restaurant would have this much salt added to their food.  I am sure that it was an error or something.  I have eaten here in the past and never experience so much salt.  Still my meal "for me" was delicious.  For the first time in my life, I am glad that I did not add any salt to my meal.    I do love Casbah alot.  It is probably my second favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.
This might be the best food I've had in Pittsburgh.  The restaurant set up is a little odd in that there is a tented outdoor space that you walk through to get to the hostess stand. The hostess stand is located in the indoor space. We were seated in the outdoor section in a corner which was fairly drafty. This is the only negative point I have about the meal.  We ordered the cheese  tasting menu, the duck, the scallop pasta, and the lemon sponge cake. Each bite was perfect -- flavorful and expertly cooked. The waiter was friendly and knowledgable. We left feeling full and happy.
This used to be my all time favorite restaurant for dinner in Pittsburgh. The food is always top notch - lunch, dinner and brunch.   I think for brunch they offer one of the best bloody Mary's in the city, with just the right amount of kick! My favorite dinner entree was the casericcia - not sure if I spelled it correctly. Why did they ever remove it from the menu is anyone's guess. It was amazing. I went there for my birthday dinner and was ready to order it when the waiter explained that they removed it from the menu despite it being one of their most popular dishes. What a total let down. Nothing compares to it in my book. That's the only reason I'm giving Casbah a 4 star review...   Please please please bring it back!!
Every time I have been to Casbah for lunch, brunch, or dinner, the food has been great and the service has been impeccable.  Sure, I've had more exceptionally delicious and unique meals in Pittsburgh, but Casbah has Consistent Awesomeness down pat.  Just get a reservation ahead of time.  Also, the desserts are mandatory!    The duck confit gnocchi is smashing-- it's a nice balance of slightly sweet and very savory--and my favorite is probably the Casbah Double-Cut Pork Chop: super-yum comfort food.  The short rib ravioli is some pot-roasty Goodness, and the long island duck is another great choice.    A nice surprise here are the great happy hour specials at the bar.  Try the Boyd & Blair cocktail and the sangria.
At this time, I have officially had every meal of the day at Casbah (it's great!). Here are my thoughts from my three visits:  First time was for dinner (June 2014) with my Big Burrito Birthday Coupon. We sat outside, where it was pleasant even though it was the middle of the summer. They were generous with the table bread and I really liked their goat cheese yogurt spread. I got the Orrechiette chicken pasta and BF got the filet mignon. The pasta was ok (see lunch review for update) and came in a large portion. The filet mignon was perfection. I made BF share with me :) The roasted potatoes with the green chutney were also heavenly. Definitely a lovely way to spend my birthday.  Second time was for a weekday lunch with a college friend visiting (Nov 2014). We had the 2 $10 off entree coupons and ordered off the Gusto menu (a fancy version of Panera's You Pick Two). I got the Orrechiette again and a Turkey Avacado Sandwhich. The pasta was delicious this time, so I'm thinking it was just one-uped by the Filet Mignon at dinner. Friend got the vege risotto which she liked. I like that Casbah is willing to customize plates at no extra charge or nuisance - they removed all bacon items from my entire meal and replaced them with other dressings, etc. I really appreciated that. Even without the coupon the Gusto lunch menu is a great deal!  Third time I went for brunch with another girlfriend (Dec 2014) . I LOVE BRUNCH and Casbah took the cake. The table scones, pastries etc were delicious as was the accompanying cinnamon butter. Our waiter was very nice and helpful and was again quick to help customize my vegetarian friend's needs. I got the Mimosa which was delicious. Smoked salmon appetizer was as good as the other yelpers say and the portion was humongous. Finally, I got the scallop omelette and they had no issue giving me my favorite home fries as the side instead of the grits. Friend got the salad appetizer and the spinach eggs benedict. She loved the eggs not such a big fan of the arugula salad (which I have had and liked). We each had a $10 off brunch which made this a steal :) We were able to sit outside even in the winter which was nice.  All in all, I love Casbah. I'm a student so it's a little expensive for me. But I go every chance I get. Look out for Big Burrito coupons!
I really enjoyed my dining experience at Casbah.  The cheese plate was extremely large and really good.  There was a nice balance of cheese to eat.  My date and I both ordered pasta dishes.  When a restaurant makes their own pasta from scratch, how do you order anything else?  The non-pasta dishes that went past our table looked great, but I think we made the right decisions.  My date had a pasta with scallops and crab.  It was amazing.  I had a pasta with kale and sausage.  It was equally amazing.  I felt Casbah was heavy on their sauce.  Casbah has a large wine selection, but I felt the stand out option was the port wine flight for desert.
After a few misses in Pittsburgh, Casbah came through. Most of the dishes were pretty good, though I think the pork chops are the best. My pasta was very good - great savory and flavorful sauce. Portions were large too. If you're in town and need a solid place to go, Casbah is a great pick.
Oh, Casbah. I love when I get the opportunity to dine within your walls. Your food is delicious. My boyfriend and I enjoyed a lovely dinner this past weekend. Did I mention that it was his birthday?  We were seated outside along the catwalk (aka, the walkway from the front door into the main restaurant). It was a chilly night, so the heaters above us were pumping out the heat. I mean, it wasn't warm, it was h-o-t. Yes. It was better than freezing our tooshes off, but it was a bit, well, uncomfortable to say the least.  Now onto the positives...  We devoured the Veal & Pork Meatballs for an appetizer. The Anson Mills polenta, roasted tomato, garlic, crispy Brussels sprouts, and parmigiano-reggiano played very nicely together.  For our main entrees, I ordered the gnocchi. This wasn't just any gnocchi. Instead, duck confit, brussels sprouts, figs, lacinato kale, thyme, pecorino romano, and shag bark hickory nuts accompanied the fluffy little pillows of goodness.  He ordered the Casbah double-cut pork chop served with braised kale, prosciutto & parmesan risotto, garlic cream, and sage jus.  No dessert this time - trying to keep my New Year's Resolution.  See you soon, Casbah
I think Casbah is a bit underrated. Pittsburgh has a number of very good restaurants: Legume, Meat and Potatoes, Butcher and the Rye, Eleven, and Cure make up the pentagon of the best places in town. Casbah, along with Salt, are in that second tier.  My partner and I have been here for dinner twice. Each time, I thought the food was very good. I can't remember what my order was the first time we came here, but the most recent time I had a mushroom bisque soup, meatballs and the gnudi for the appetizers (split between the two of us), and the sea bass for the entree. I really enjoyed the mushroom bisque, but it's definitely for those who like strong mushroom flavors. The sea bass came on a bed of delicious polenta, which: I don't usually expect polenta to be amazing, but this one was. The sea bass itself was moist and flaky with tons of flavor. My partner had the lamb, and thought it was good but also suspected it might have been too raw inside (it was more than pink). The drinks were also quite good, if not stellar.  Casbah also has a very pleasant atmosphere, even though it's quite large inside. The wait staff is helpful without being in the way; one of my least favorite things is having a waiter or waitress ask me within seconds of getting my food how everything is (give me a few minutes to actually eat it, ok?) and mercifully nothing like that happened here. A very nice dining experience overall.
The hubby and I got here super early so we went to the bar and had wine, the Boyd and basil, and blood and sand. All very very good. We then got sat at a table outside. They have an amazing outdoor patio that's covered and heated in the winter, you wouldn't even know the difference! Except I'm always cold as is and we were originally sat NOT under heat vents. We DID ask for a different table, basically because im A baby and couldn't handle it, it wasn't THAT cold, but cooler than I could handle. The charred octopus was good to start, our server Rebecca was amazing! Very sweet and professional, def knew her stuff. For entrees we had the filet mignon and pork chop. The filet was on point, my only complaint was that they didn't take temps on the pork. We would've loved it medium but they cook it med well or so, which of course, is going to make it a little dry and tough. Dessert was great and we had olives and a cheese plate to go, overall s great evening!
I came for the Sunday brunch prix fixe menu - you get one appetizer and entree with a classy cocktail. I made reservations online a few weeks in advance, and the restaurant, even with decent indoor and large outdoor (with heat lamp) seating, became pretty packed.   For the appetizer, I was able to try the Granola, Fruit and Yogurt, the Tomato & Basil Bisque, and the Mushroom and Celery Root Puree, and all were equally delicious. The mushroom and celery root puree I was a little wary of, but it was delicious.   For the entree, I tried Steak and Egg, Sea Scallop Fry, and the Braised Lamb & Eggs. The portions were substantial and the flavors were all there. The runny yolk with the steak and lamb were glorious. They also have other standard brunch entrees, such as a benedict and waffles, but I felt like this was something you can get anywhere.  Overall, really satisfied with the brunch we had. The outdoor seating was beautiful, and the heat lamps kept us pretty warm in the winter.
It was funny because my boyfriend and I came here spontaneously -- we were going to stop by a pizza place for a slice, but decided to stop into Casbah instead. Totally different atmosphere and dining experience. It's a pretty romantic setup. When we went (around 8pm on a Thursday), there weren't too many people there.  I felt like the service was good. They didn't treat us like second rate citizens even though we were in casual clothes and I was carrying my backpack (typical student outfit).  We had the tuna tartare, which was lovely. Then, we tried the duck with gnocchi and spinach which was also delicious and a great blend of flavors. For dessert, we had the Chocolate Cheese Cake Bombe, which was just ok. It looked pretty, but the flavors weren't anything special. Oh, they also had really nice house made bread that came to our table warm, crusty and crunchy outside and soft inside.  Overall, Casbah was a good experience, but I'm not drooling as I think back to the meal. I'm not sure I'll go back because there are other places to try and the price point makes it somewhere I wouldn't just go to on a normal day.
It is DUE time to update this review. Why? Because I had a phenomenal brunch here, and it totally restored my faith in not only Casbah, but Big Burrito. I can't lie, I love what the Big Burrito group does. I think all their restaurants are awesome, but Casbah was always my least favorite. Now, I feel it is on par with the others!  I love a good prix fixe brunch, and for $28 you receive a cocktail, appetizer and entree. So I started off with a mimosa (always a good start!). Then I ordered the Tomato & Basil Bisque and parmesan crostini, which was excellent. I'm very judgmental of tomato bisque, as it is one of my favorite soups.   Then came the main course. Braised Lamb & Eggs: braised Elysian Fields Farm lamb shoulder, spinach, poached local eggs, tarragon, grilled sourdough. I love lamb so hard. It's by far my favorite meat, but it has to be cooked with care. This definitely had flavor, was tender and paired perfectly with the spinach and eggs.   I couldn't finish my meal, so they boxed it up. I separated the sourdough and the rest of the dish so the bread wouldn't get soggy, and our server gave it to me without the sourdough. I mentioned I did that on purpose and he immediately went back into the kitchen and got me fresh bread. How nice is that?  Now I'm excited to try other meals here again!
Everything was great! The only problem I had was that there was just not enough food.
Stopped by in the afternoon for a quick bite to eat. The main dining room is closed in the afternoon before dinner between 2:30-5pm, but you can still order from a small menu at the bar. They were very friendly and accommodating. We tried the scallops and flatbread with hummus/baba ghanoush/red pepper muhummara, both were fantastic and well done. Would definitely go again to try something from their regular menu!
This restaurant came recommended by a friend and I was not disappointed! The hummus appetizer was delicious, as well as the English Pea Risotto (vegetarian for my daughter) and the famous Cioppino. I was also recommended a flight of Rose wine when I couldn't decide between them. They were all delicious! As a dessert we shared the strawberry rhubarb croustade which melted in your mouth! As a nice touch the kitchen had written Happy Birthday on the plate since it was my daughter's 17'th birthday! We will definitely go back when in the area, and I would recommend the restaurant to all my friends. We were sitting in the basement, which was nice and quiet, but their outdoor seating looked very cool as well (more noisy).
Casbah is great! They always over deliver; whether it be the service, the food presentation or the quality, freshness and uniqueness of each dish starting with the appetizer all the way to dessert they never disappoint. Their menu is constantly changing so you never know what you'll get each time you go.  I also love the atmosphere & eating outside on their patio.  Casbah is a must try (and ask to eat on the patio)!
4.5 stars. My husband and I went here a few days ago. We liked the outdoor area that was "open tent" - when we come back we would like to sit out there (weather permitting, of course). The beginning bread basket and goat cheese/salted butter was fantastic! We started with the calamari, which had a delicious lemon aioli sauce coupled with an Italian sweet and sour sauce. The combo was delectable! My husband had the duck, which was juicy and tender. I had the cavatelli, which was fantastic on a rainy day. My white wine flight was wonderful! We will be visiting again!
I like this place very much, and find it to be reasonably vegetarian-friendly. You have to know what to order, though, to get the best deal, because some things are just plain overpriced.  You should definitely stop in for lunch and get the Piccola Gusto menu - it is a great deal and is plenty of food. You get to try so many awesome things, and it's possible for every component to be vegetarian! It is a way better deal than ordering any one item - they are pretty expensive.  I've also been to a dinner party catered there (in the nice outdoor tent area), and they had a great antipasti platter and various pastas we could try. There were actually multiple vegetarian options, which I really appreciated.  I would give this place a 5, but it would be nice if the vegetarian options experienced as much rotation/creativity as the meat ones. I love the mafaldine, but it is consistently the only veg pasta on the menu. But service, ambience, and food are all great.
I got my Big Burrito birthday meal voucher in the mail, and I couldn't decide which place to try.  I am a huge fan of Eleven and Mad Mex, but I wanted to try somewhere new.  I had previously sampled Casbah's food when they catered the dinner for Quantum Theater's production of Tamara.  I enjoyed the food at that event so I settled on coming here.  The atmosphere of Casbah is really cute.  It's slightly upscale, but you will still feel comfortable in nice jeans.  There is a Mediterranean theme to the atmosphere, but I don't know that the food is themed that way, despite what Yelp says.  I ordered the Lamb Macaroni and Cheese because I am a Mac and Cheese addict.  The portion was exactly lunch sized, and it came with a small salad.  The salad was really just a spring mix of lettuce with an oil dressing, but it tasted good.  The mac and cheese was delicious.  Plenty of lamb and lots of cheese.  It was on the creamy side of the mac and cheese scale.  I would order it again, but I would also like to try other things on the menu.  My friends ordered a sandwich and one ordered a bowl of soup.  The sandwich eater felt her turkey sandwich was pretty standard, but it was a turkey sandwich.  The soup eater was a fan.  Again, I plan to come back and test other things.  As a side note: The catered meal I previously tried was family-style chicken with potatoes and veggies, I believe.  It was good but not what I would expect after seeing the menu for them to serve.  I think you are safe to try just about anything here, really.  The only odd thing was that the servers really seemed to be fighting for tables.  Everyone was trying to get our drink and food orders, to the point of it being a touch aggressive.  Not a big deal just an observation.
Very good atmosphere, excellent service, food was also wonderful. Had the ricotta cavetelli and it was great. Meatballs and cheeses were great. Was a very good time and would definitely go back. Cocktails were unique and tasty.
I have been wanting to try this place for so long as a huge Big Burrito fan.  We finally made it for Sunday brunch and happy to report it lived  up to my expectations.  We sat in the outside area (covered but with heating lamps) and had a great waiter.  They have a price fix brunch with includes a drink, app and entrée.  We decided to just order entrees and glad we did as the entrees are very large portions. I went with the mushroom and goat cheese omelet but substituted the mushrooms with tomatoes. It also came with toast ( I went with wheat), fingerling potatoes, and choice of a meat-I got the bacon. The omelet was delicious and the bacon was crisp just the way I like it.  We did have to wait a while to get salt & pepper, ketchup and jelly but finally got it all before our food got cold.   Others in my party got the eggs benedicts, shrimp omelet with egg whites and waffles. Everything got good reviews. What I also loved was we got a big pastry basket with biscuits, apple cinnamon muffins and scones.  Al very tasty and a nice starter.  I would really like to go back for happy hour as they have a very nice bar inside.
Casbah was a great dining experience. It was recommended to me by a friend and it didn't disappoint. I went with my BF for Valentines day dinner. We went early so there wasn't much of a crowd. But the complimentary Valet service was still a plus in the below-zero weather. The service was attentive. Prices are not cheap but it was worth it. Portion sizes are reasonable.   We started out with the cheese plate appetizer. But honestly, the complimentary bread with salted butter and soft, house-made goat cheese was delicious -- better than the cheese plate. They offered apple butter, fig spread and some type of compote to accompany the cheeses.   For entrees, we got the Strozzapretti and the Long Island Duck. I'm a vegetarian and the waiter recommended the strozzapretti pasta, which was amazing. My taste buds were spoiled for the rest of the night. It was dressed in a flavorful, parmesan butter sauce. The only complaint I had was that the ricotta was too mild for the dish so I added some of the goat cheese that came with the free bread. My BF was pleased with his meal and but gave it 4/5 stars.   All the desserts looked great. We chose the milk sponge cake with mascarpone cream and ice cream. The sponge texture was a little too hard, but the other components were excellent.   Overall, it was delicious. I plan to go back for lunch, which is much cheaper.
I went to Casbah for the first time in December, and it was SO COLD! I was shivering the entire time. Luckily, I had delicious cocktails to warm me up! I loved their drinks selection!  I got the short rib ravioli, and it was probably one of the best dishes I've ever had in Pittsburgh. I just loved it. It was cooked and seasoned perfectly!   The atmosphere and space is great - open and large. I had dressed up a bit, but many patrons were dressed extremely casual.
I've been plenty and every time I enjoy the food, the drinks, and the environment. I would say it is missing a bit of the down home authenticity that most stellar restaurants in Pittsburgh seem to have. The dishes are inventive and delightful. The patio is perfect on a warm day. For all of these reasons I will continue to show here for an early dinner on occasion.
What a great place - nice service, solid food... Will be back for sure. Appreciated that they have fundraising dinners too.
I went to Casbah for my birthday and it was so delicious! I mean, Mediterranean food is my favorite... But then you go and add a wine bar??? You really can't go wrong.   The bread with the butter and yogurt based sauce they offered from Eleven was really good - flavor wise and for holding you over until the main event/entrees :p  I had the duck entree which was just a little too overcooked for me. My boyfriend experienced the opposite and had the halibut which was a little too undercooked. The flavors were all there though!   We had a Pinot noir and a Chardonnay and both were great (esp the Chardonnay)  I am excited to come back in the future!
I like lunching at Casbah. The cheese tasting and tomato basil bisque are so good. If I could have them every day I'd be thrilled.
Updated: I just want to acknowledge that Casbah very promptly and very courteously followed up with our office regarding our catering order, and went above and beyond to make it right.  It certainly gives me tremendous confidence to dine there, and to use Casbah again for business function or catering.  Original: Had good experience dinning at Casbah - it's pricey, but the food was always good.  So we tried it for catering for lunch for a meeting for 12 people.  The quality is more uneven than the restaurant dinning experience.  The crab cake sandwich was excellent, the roast turkey sandwich was dry and unfortunately I bit into a 2 inch long black plastic piece (I think it's the wrapping of the turkey, which the slicer just sliced right off, and it made it into the sandwich).  I hope it's more of an exception to the norm, and will give it another shot.  I am impressed with their follow-up customer service.
Solid food in a so-so setting:  Location, location, location. Upon entering, you will past through a dining space, yes through a dining space to get to the hostess. This is both confusing and disruptive to other guests. This walkway leads to another door where the hostess is waiting. Inside this second room is a nice modern bar with backlit walls and upscale booths. Myself and my date however were placed in the first dining area, the indoor patio we'll call it. Others were out there too on iron tables and chairs. Perhaps the nicer area is for larger parties or events? Needless to say we were right next to the entrance so our date night was constantly offset by guests entering and exiting. Food was great and service was up to far but the main entrance was confusing and I could see this echoed by other guests as they entered.
Had my first haircut with Adeste and I loved it!  She is the best...I'll be back soon.
Though I didn't get a chance to visit this place when I visited last month, I really do love Quiet Storm and I will be sure I hit it up next time I'm in town visiting my friends there. The decor is adorable. The prices are reasonable. It was an intimate place to see a show and it's too bad they are no longer doing them here. I really feel like this place was one of the first things that made me heart Pittsburgh. It's truly a unique space.
I like the Quiet Storm because it offers food as well as drinks.  The spinach artichoke dip and white pita pizza is good.  I never had a Chai Milkshake until I went to the quiet storm.  If you can deal with East End "urbanites" then I would suggest trying it out, if nothing for a good laugh and decent food.
I moved to Pittsburgh for the tempeh Reuben at Quiet Storm.  Actually, I'm lying.  Or maybe not.  Am I trying to save face because I don't want to admit that I moved across the country for a sandwich?  You'll never know because I'm not telling.  Anyway, the food here is pretty good.  Sometimes it's better than others, though I think it depends on the cooks.  I'm one of those vegetarians who doesn't much care about reducing kilocalories (the point of eating is to fuel our bodies, right?), so I like the cooks who pile on the mayo and cheese.  I'm sure the cooks who skimp on fattening ingredients have their fan base, too.  The menu is creative, and it feels like the people who make the food are trying to test their cooking chops, which I appreciate.    The atmosphere is nice here: big, open space, yet cozy.  And you won't find a radder floor in Pittsburgh.  The employees are super nice.
Wondering where the Pittsburgh hipster crowd hangs out? Look no further than the fixie parked outside the Quiet Storm.   And then go inside and have some delicious food and drink.
This place is cool!  But it is also 'cool'.  Service is so-so, but the staff doesn't have an attitude, they just aren't into serving.  And I'm not a vegan, but the food is so good that a carnivore like me doesn't even care. The menu is also huge.    For those of you looking for an ATM- there's one a half block away if you just exit, go left and cross the street to the corer convenience store.  I could always find a table and spread out with my books. Comfy, young, hip, worth it.  I wish they had alcohol.  Try it!
Solid Milkshakes and Falafel - block from my house
I've been to the Quiet Storm a couple of times for brunch-type meals, and have always been pleased.  Their extensive veggie/vegan geared menu is for the most part really healthy and fairly light...but it's not without its crave-worthy items like smashed potatoes with cheese and my favorite, the peanut butter chocolate milkshake...heavenly.  Paired with a hummus and veggie sandwich and green pea 'moc-a-mole', you don't feel so naughty having dessert with brunch.  The vibe is mellow, and so is the wait staff.  Service is leisurely, but not slow.  I look forward to at least one chill breakfast here on my trips to the 'Burgh to visit friends and such.
For solid veggie/vegan food in Pittsburgh's east end, the QS is a reliable meat-free choice. There are enough good options on the menu that a seasoned QS diner could guide a newbie past the landmines of total-miss dishes, in search of the greener pastures of the spicy peanut tofu wrap and other local faves. The scrambled tofu is a shining star. The kitchen often does remarkable things with potatoes. The salads go above and beyond to woo your heart, with way more toppings & stuff than any other salad I've eaten in Pittsburgh -- this includes salads served with French Fries! Nothing here is fried - even the "fried" foods are baked. Your arteries are grateful. The kitchen is unfortunately very inconsistent, and an attentive & caring cook is a very different experience here than the apathetic, distracted or exhausted cook.   This used to be The Place to Brunch, and I'm sure it's still busy on the weekend mornings, but I had to quit when all these SUV families started monopolizing my fave tables -- apparently the QS made it into some kind of "VISIT PENNSYLVANIA" travel guide as a great brunch spot. I hate to be that "I liked their old stuff better" kind of a person, but, well...   Don't be caught unawares- in my cashless world, dinner at the QS means making a special ATM run.   The QS is super kid-friendly. Books, magazines, and children's toys accompany the wireless internet (which sometimes works, and sometimes doesnt, and no, the staff can't help you). The menu is kid-friendly, the staff is used to dealing with kids, and if you really hate children, you might not want to go there since their peals of laughter and joy might melt your wicked black heart. I wouldn't hesitate to take the 2 year olds or 12 year olds I know.   The drip coffee is good and bottomless- soy creamer is available. The espresso drinks are really really hit or miss. You may have the tastiest drink you could imagine, or you might be left choking down a $5 drink made by someone who has never drank a cup of coffee. No liquor license but you can BYOB for a nominal charge.   The service is sometimes swift, but more often lacking. I would never take a date here again --- getting the totally wrong order & waiting half an hour for it to be even acknowledged by the staff is an embarrassment when you tell your date the restaurant is one of your faves. Fortunately, if you are dating me, you probably aren't there for the dinner.   If you have plenty of time to kill & self-esteem strong enough to weather the whithering glances of the hipper set of pgh's east end, this could be your new fave spot too. I do wish the hours were a little different - I operate on the schedule of a late-nite diner, though.
Who would have thought that a vegan-friendly hipster restaurant would be one of the best places in Pittsburgh to feed a hangover?   Seriously, go hungover, and you will be in love. Get a super-stuffed burrito. They put mashed potatoes in burritos along with hearty beans, scrambled eggs and cheese and yummy salsa. Your stomach will thank you.   While you're waiting, have some coffee. At under $10 for a VERY filling burrito and a bottomless cup of coffee, I thought it was a great deal.   In addition to their regular menu, they also have daily specials and themed brunches. I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu. It's great to have a full-service restaurant where you can get oodles of vegetarian items.
The Gyro wrap is amazing.
A cool (if mildly painfully hipster-ish) decor; perfect settingfora Sunday brunch. The service was great, the food was both satisfying and healthy, and the milkshake I had to top off my omelet was deeeeelicious. Are all of their milkshakes vegan? Because ifthey are, I was completely fooled. A little more than I was hoping to pay for a breakfast dish but I suppose I can't complain, as it was morethan enough to hold me through until dinner. (I agree with the comment I saw that stated that this would be a perfect place for a hungover posse!)
I eat at this place at least once a week.  No longer cash only, which is nice since I never have any.  As a vegan I like that I have a ton of options here, but that my meat-eating boyfriend is happy too.  Food is a little pricey and if you get more than an entree and coffee it's easy to quickly rack up quite a bill for such a modest seeming place.  My only real complaint is the inconsistency of the service.  It's totally hit or miss.  I've never felt targeted with "attitude," but I have experienced long waits for the menu, coffee, water, the check - but weirdly, never the food. Most of the time I leave happy, sometimes irritated, but I'm always full and ready for a nap.
Very good!
For vegetarian food in Pgh this place is hard to beat. The quality of the food is very good, but the kitchen tends to be slow so bring a friend/book/deck of cards, and the serving sizes are somewhat inconsistent. The coffee drinks are OK, but I don't come here for those. I love the atmosphere of this place, very laid back, cozy, inviting. My favorite eats are the soups and the pile-o-hashbrowns (think haystack without the artery clogging gravy).
OMG chocolate espresso milkshake MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmm
YUMMM.  Read the Yelp reviews before coming, so I knew to get the ginger lemonade and hangover hash.  Both were amazing, filling, AND i got to use the wifi there for a couple hours on a Sunday morning with no nasty looks from the staff (it was crowded but no line).  Totally worth any effort it takes to get there (seemed to be in the middle of nowhere, I had a couple mile walk to get there.)
We go here all the time and have ordered almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed. It's veggie diner food at it's best (at least in my opinion). My bf is a meat & potatoes man but he absolutely loves the breakfast  Homefries with tofu instead of eggs. The waitstaff have always been exceptionally nice and very attentive. This establishment is best described as a greasy spoon for vegans and vegetarians so if you go in expecting gourmet, you may find yourself disappointed.  On cold wintery days try a Mexican Hot Chocolate - it will surely warm your heart!
I've only been here for Sunday brunch, but I look forward to dining here again in the hopefully near future.  The frittata was thicker than any I've seen elsewhere (it looked like a square of lasagna) but very tasty.  I liked the inclusion of sliced potatoes.  The Low Country grits were creamy and also enjoyable, but not too flavorful.  I didn't really taste the fakin' bacon or the garlic supposedly in the dish.  I'm not surprised though,  since a lot of vegetarian places seem to go light on the seasoning.  Definitely ask for cheddar with your grits if you eat dairy.  The three kinds of hot sauce on the table also help perk things up.  No complaints about the service, but they use some sort of chemical cleaner (for the floors or to wipe down the tables, maybe?) that's unpleasant-smelling.  I noticed it less the longer we stayed, maybe because I got food in front of me, but one would hope that a vegetarian establishment might opt for more environmentally friendly and less noxious cleaners.  Other diners were also commenting on the smell when we were there.  I'm guessing this isn't a regular smell to the place, though, since no other reviewers have commented on it.    The cash-only policy is also a bit of a nuisance, since I'd consider the prices ($11 for brunch entrees) here to be mid-range and not ultra-cheap.  Still, I will come again with my greenbacks.
I make a point to visit this restaurant every time I'm in town. I'm a mostly-vegan vegetarian who has been living in the San Francisco Bay Area for over 17 years, so my expectations for veggie food are rather high. Quiet Storm cuisine does not disappoint. Creative and fun menu items, and plentiful vegan options.
Aw it's places like this that make me love Pittsburgh. Its hodge podge decor and hipster crowd are what drew me here in the first place, but turns out the food and coffee is pretty decent even delicious. Since it's far from where I live I don't get to come here half as often as I'd like but I'm always pleased when I do.   Such cute boys.
Nice little coffee house with good food.  My only complaint is that the food was NOT HOT ENOUGH, which is a bigggg turn off for me. However, it was still so good that I'm giving this place 4 stars.  The apple panini was a delicious hot mess clearly invented by somebody who got the munchies and only had raisin bread, apples, cheese, and seitan around....the result is amazing.  This place just needs to make sure the food is warm!  Dip is a huge ripoff, btw....$5 for a tiny portion :/  they should lower the price on that item.  The salsa that came with my sandwich is some of the best salsa I've ever had, though. Dunno if they make it themselves.
The Quiet Storm is a classic, being one of the largest selections of vegetarian and vegan entrees in the city. Recently came with about 13 people for a Saturday lunch. I won't speak for everyone's dish, but I got the curry which was very tasty, if not a bit skimpy on the rice and a little thin for my liking. My friend got the QHF, which is a tofu scramble mixed with home fries and seisage which was absolutely delicious. She also got a side of spicy aioli which went extremely well with the breakfast dish. The service was prompt and they just left pitchers of water on the table for us which was great. Always a great choice for meat-eaters and veggie's alike. If you go with a large group though, beware because it is difficult to work in the added gratuity and tax with the cash-only. The waiter wouldn't let us split it up and take individually, so it was difficult on that end.
Quiet Storm truly is a wonderful neighborhood gem. Surrounded by a desolate urban landscape, I never would've expected this colorful, creative coffee shop to have such impressive food.  My dinner here consisted of an apple panini and a "shampoo", a strange (but delicious!) cherry and almond cream soda. It very well might have taken me 20 minutes or more simply to decide on my beverage of choice - their list was not only long, but offered more innovative choices than I could have ever dreamt up. Among them, an impressive array of Italian sodas (lavender & lemon, mango & lime, white choc & mint, etc.), an enticing selection of lemonades (ginger lemonade, lavender lemonade), and some excellent-sounding tea combinations. To top it off, almost all flavors were available in the form of vegan milkshakes. How they concocted all of these culinary ideas is absolutely beyond me. (I apologize to the coffee drinkers. As a tea drinker myself, I hardly paid attention to that half of the menu.)  The apple panini I ordered came out quickly and was complemented with a side of tortilla chips and salsa. My panini included granny smith apples, apple butter, sharp cheddar, cream cheese, and seisage (vegetarian sausage) atop sun-dried tomato bread (though it seemed more like raisin to me). Never in a million years would I have come up with this strange combination of flavors, but it definitely worked. As described in the menu, indeed it was "highly addictive".  Table service was great, nothing took too long and it seemed pleasant and casual. No overbearing waiters, no frills, etc.  Given the fact that I live about a mile away, I think they should be expecting yet another regular in the very near future.
what a bonkers menu!  delicious and lots of fun.  the service was fantastic.   we ate here on a visit from NYC and had two very unusual and delicious vegan burritos... then stayed for tea.  loved it!
I love this place, it's the Beehive,  Starbucks, Eat N Park, and every neighborhood coffee shop in America tossed together in one place.  Unfortunately on this day we arrived after the kitchen closed, but the friendly barista behind the counter offered to make us a drink. I had a soy green tea latte, he chose a dirty chai latte, made with coffee and tea, interesting!  My green tea latte was served piping hot in a pint glass, not the Shamrock shake colored green tea latte you get at Starbucks, this was the color of your father's old white shirt that hasn't been washed in a few weeks. Not as syrupy sweet as Starbucks either, but a nice dose of natural brown sugar gave it a nice taste. And it was a nickel cheaper than a Starbucks "tall". Good deal!  My friend Jamie's dirty chai latte was good, again not overly sweet, which is ok for him, he doesn't have a sweet tooth.   Next Sunday we'll go back earlier when the kitchen is open, the take out menu looks great, healthy, low fat, and vegan.
Quiet storm is a really cool vegetarian restaurant. The time I was there the service was fine and the food was unique. Their menu is a limited on the weekdays, your best bet is one of their many quesadillas.  I'm not as concerned about the preservation of vibe and atmosphere, as long as the food still tastes good. I was in love with the pierogidilla and happy to leave the table feeling full without having any meat.  I wrote a review of Quiet Storm on my web site, Binge! http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/07/07/ive-got-an-itch-for-kitsch-quiet-storm-in-bloomfield/
I didn't realize that Quiet Storm was a completely vegetarian restaurant until I noticed the word "seitan" printed after every meat item on the menu. Normally I'd find this annoying, as I'm an unabashed and unapologetic meat eater. That doesn't mean I don't love a good veggie dish, but fake meat masquerading as real meat is one of my pet peeves. If you're going to serve vegetarian food, don't try to pretend it's anything else.  That grievance having been aired, I ordered the Blackadilla, a quesadilla boasting no false meat items, but stuffed with black beans, basmati rice, sweet potatoes, pineapple and cheddar cheese. It was delicious and filling, and at $8 for the enormous quesadilla and a small house salad, a pretty good deal.   The menu at Quiet Storm is large, with breakfast and lunch/dinner items as well as an array of cafe drinks and desserts. In spite of the prevalence of seitan and tofu, there are a number of dishes that I look forward to sampling upon return.  And I do plan to return. As those of you who have read my other Yelp reviews know, the atmosphere of public places is very important to me, and the atmosphere at Quiet Storm does not disappoint. It's got a retro cool '50s diner vibe and a more modern but equally cool soundtrack that entices customers to stick around. The wait staff encourages this practice, giving diners plenty of space to hang out long after they've finished eating.  The one downside of Quiet Storm is its location, floating among gas stations and abandoned houses in Garfield, an area sandwiched between the more pedestrian friendly neighborhoods of Bloomfield and East Liberty, but not quickly accessible from either. It has to be a pre-determined destination rather than a drop in for random passersby. But that might just be OK.
I had the "curry plate", though it was actually a big bowl. It was enough for two meals! And very tasty. I usually like some bigger pieces in dishes like this but was totally fine with how minced this was because it was just so good. I added a picture.  The service did seem a little poor considering it was only us and three other tables in the place for lunch. We had to wait at least 10 minutes for the check and another 10 minutes standing at the cash register to pay while the person behind the counter talked on the phone.  It also was a little sad that the pita I paid $1 for was so small (and not included with something like a curry plate already). The slaw had a slightly strange chemical taste but was still good enough to eat due to how fresh the vegetables were [and I didn't really order it, it just came with the dish].
You don't have to be a vegetarian or vegan to enjoy Quiet Storm.  I've been here for both breakfast and lunch and haven't been disappointed.  The menu has a good selection of both vegetarian and vegan dishes and the specials change daily.  The only issue I have had is with service. On a particularly crowded Sunday I asked twice for a coffee refill and the waiter never filled my cup, or even checked in after our food came out.  I know it was busy, but other tables seemed to be doing just fine.  Despite the poor service, I returned, and haven't had any problems since.
Being an omnivore myself, I have fended off several attempts to visit this restaurant.  My girlfriend is a veg-head aka vegetarian and had wanted to visit Quiet Storm for a while.  When we finally visited this week, I was pleasantly surprised.  There is definitely an old-time diner feel with a bit of arts and crafts mixed in.  If you're reading this, chances are that you have some notion of the crunchy/hipster/longhair reputation of this place and that perception is certainly accurate to a degree but I did not find the service pretentious or slow at all, as some have noted.  Our server was attentive, although there were only about seven folks in the place (it was off hours, about 4 PM on a Monday.)  I enjoyed the apple panini with seisage (a maiden voyage for me), apple butter, cream cheese and cheddar.  The apple butter, which seemed almost an add-on when I looked at the menu, was actually the star here and the sandwich comes on sundried tomato bread that really adds a lot of flavor to a very simple idea.  My only complaint is about the size of the sandwich.  It could have been larger.  My girlfriend ordered a burrito that was honestly huge and she found it tasty and worthy of a doggie bag.  I would definitely go back and would like to try their weekend brunch, which is supposedly quite good.  According to the menu and reputation, Quiet Storm goes out of their way to use local products and makes quite a few of their products in-house.  That's always a good thing especially when the results are tasty and relatively affordable.
Quiet Storm occupies a special place in my heart compartment because, one lazy Sunday in 2004, I discovered Alfred Bester's The Demolished Man. Imagine my joy: a cyberpunk fan, finding a tattered copy of some anonymous-looking book in some proto-hipster cafe (this was back before it was toooo hipster), and discovering the glories of Alfred Bester. (Seriously, The Demolished Man is good.) It also fit in perfectly with the blue collar/gentrified charm of Pittsburgh in general, and the Hill District/Lawrenceville/Bloomfield in particular.  Anyway. I have returned now in 2011 for a veg brunch, and it was a pleasant, if not-so-good-value-for-money experience. I got the True Grits (yeah, Jeff Bridges, yeah), which was a HUGE bowl of grits (some shaved, grocery store-feeling cheddar on top), a pile of delicious, chopped lemony kale, some pretty blah scrambled eggs and a large glass of cranberry juice (very healthy!). Overall, it was fine. I didn't like the $12 price tag so much (seriously, grits is pioneer food and you're charging me $12!), nor did I dig the shades of hipper-than-thou among the clientele, but shrug shrug.
They have these tofu tenders, which are akin to a vegan buffalo wing.  I can't put my finger on it, as there really doesn't appear to be much to them in terms of some sort of secret cooking technique, but holy crap, I can't get enough of them!  I had 3 orders in 2 days, and since it's tofu & not some greasy wings... it's a legitimately healthy meal/snack. The Cheesy Snake -- a vegetarian cheese steak -- can be made with vegan cheese, and it's pretty slammin, too.   The slaw tastes like liking a brick of salt, and the coffee etiquette -- pouring old pots into other, half-full pots -- leaves a bit to be desired, but overall, I know that it's one of a few places in Pittsburgh that serves vegan food that's pretty awesome.
Tasty horchata - dessert before the meal of veggie Cuban with smoked tempeh ... Yum! Cool funky space with low key music & friendly waitresses with plenty of tats
We've figured out where all the hipsters go on the weekend for brunch!  Really excellent french toast, just like my dad used to make. I had the breakfast burrito, which I thought was OK, but not something I would order again. But, more importantly than the food, we just really liked the atmosphere. Sitting there in their mismatched, vintage-y looking diner, I felt like I was in the Mission in SF (OK, maybe minus the fact that everyone was sporting their winter gear, which would never be necessary in CA). Kid friendly too, if that's important to you.
Artsy little alternative cafe diner with good food and nice wait staff.
Good variety of food, good coffee, not so attentive service, but I would definitely come back. I can't eat dairy and love that the vegan options give me a lot more to choose from than the usual brunch place.
I decided to grab dinner on a Saturday night at Quiet Storm. It wasn't packed so I grabbed a seat at the bar. I ordered their Graham Street Tofu sandwich with their 'chorizo' soup and a shampoo soda. The Graham Street Tofu sandwich and soup were very good but the shampoo soda was interesting to say the least and wouldn't order it again. I was nervous I wouldn't get good service after reading some of the reviews but the waiter was friendly and checked in at the right times. I would definitely come back to Quiet Storm since they've got me curious about their other dishes. I also like the laid back vibe of the place, bringing me back to Forrest Gump time.
Love this place! The decor inside is really cool.  I'm not from the area but I try to stop in every time I'm traveling through. So many great veg options and great drinks.
I am no vegetarian so I cannot speak for those who are really into that, but this place was awesome. I had been scoping it out for weeks when driving by. Finally I met someone there for lunch. Wifi. Check! Unique and Awesome Milkshakes? Cheeeeck. Tasty awesome foodies. Double Check. I was quite pleased with my experience and I can't wait to go back.
I've been introduced to their kale offerings and must admit, I'm a huge fan. There's a kale salad that you can ask them to put in a wrap and it's absolutely phenomenal. Almost all of their veg options are fantastic. The downside of QS is their Sunday brunch. I know, I know most brunches are breakfast foods only, and this place is no exception. On a personal level, I don't really care for breakfast food for lunch and since you have no other choices, it's not my thing.  Like I said though, this place is fantastic for veg food, so give it a try.
I am not a vegan and went there to meet friends and enjoy the atmosphere. I must say the hipster 'tude of the place was intimidating at first, but it's super friendly and retro-feeling.  Servers were fairly friendly.  We had some great lattes and chai teas and chatted for a long time without being bothered.  Didn't try the food, but there were lots of vegeterian and vegan options.
Great cafe for brunch and coffee. Lots of vegetarian options and nice atmosphere. Come check out the place if you're in the area and would like to try some healthy foods. Was here for some brunch with friends and our food did take a while to make it to the table but everyone enjoyed their meal. If you come too late during the evenings for dinner the food options are less then what's on the menu.
Me and my kids got food togo from here, because it came recommended from someone at the local food co-op as a place with good vegan options.  Cute and attractive DIY style decor. Friendly staff.  I really liked the food quite a lot (i'de give it 4/5 stars).  GOt a tofu banh mi with a side salad.  When I asked what dressing they had, I expected to hear the list of "usual" uninspiring dressings that vev/non-veg restaurants often have.  The first one she mentioned was a green chili dressing tasted as fun and yummy as it sounded.  My kids didn't really love their vegan homefries meal (with scrambled tofu and a weird vegan cheese sauce thang).  Anyhoo.  Really pleasantly surprised with this joint, and the food was pretty reasonably priced.    As with any place I review, I am subtracting a star because they aren't all veg.  Anyplace selling eggs dairy and flesh isn't perfect for me.  I'de probably really call this 3.5 stars.
The Quiet Storm was great. I started with the soup of the day which was something along the lines of a carrot pumpkin curry. It had an unexpected texture but I still quite enjoyed it. For my entrée I had the Spinach Burger, which was quite filling. It is quite unique and comes with plenty of options for toppings. I couldn't resist putting cheese on the otherwise vegan burger, but still felt very healthy eating such a veggie-filled dinner! Their milkshakes also looked amazing - I would have tried one but I needed something to warm me up instead so I got a latte, which was also very good. One other thing I thought was neat was that the sell mixers and encourage you to bring your own champagne and/or vodka. I haven't seen that before, but it's a great idea!  I was also intrigued by some of the other items on the menu, so I will need to go back to try more.
I'll be honest, this wasn't our first, second or even third option for breakfast, but when it came to early Sunday grubbing with a group of six, this was pretty much the only place didn't have a two-day long wait.   In fact, there was no wait at all when the six of us popped in a little after noon on the weekend. Odd, but my group was hungry so we didn't question the kismet.   The restaurant is pretty enormous as far as cafes go, and it's nice because they don't pack the tables on top of each other so you're never going to be crammed next to a crying baby or having to scoot your chair in every time the table next to you needs a coffee refill. The furnishings all appear to be second hand finds as well as local art and LOTS of owl statues. It's a hoot, for sure.   One weird thing is the one bathroom with the sink outside, so if you're sitting in the back you can heavily monitor who comes out and doesn't wash their poopy hands. On the other hand, if you go to the bathroom here you'll likely feel like you have to make your hand washing some sort of big production so the other people in the back will take notice of your exceptional hygiene habits.  I was feeling pretty sick still and actually brain washed myself  into believing that my weekend bug was actually morning sickness so on top of already feeling super nauseous and not hungry, and naturally my non-motherly instincts wanted to starve whatever demon might be brewing inside me but the hypothetical baby's daddy insisted I eat something and took it upon himself to order me the tofu scramble, which I was sort of excited to try despite feeling otherwise very green. It was actually very bland and dry and even though I think it was only like $3, I think I would have rather had the $3 in my pocket than the scramble so I took a few bites and then pawned it off on the boo who insisted I try his veggie breakfast burrito. The burrito was the total opposite of the scramble- absolutely outstanding and even though it was the size of a guinea pig, I think I could have downed the whole thing (of course, I would have blamed it on my imaginary incubating child and said I was eating for two).   Going around the table, everyone seemed content with their food, besides the grits order that were decidedly bland, but that's kind of how I've come to think of grits in general. Our service was great and though most of the table's food was just okay, that burrito, the owl statues and the house horchata I ordered as my beverage really made the experience for me. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I can understand the 3-star average on Yelp, but that I think you can totally come here and have a 4 or even 5 star time if you order wisely. Just remember: Burrito, horchata and time the bathroom-goers for extra entertainment.   PS- I'm so NOT pregnant (in fact, can someone get me a heat pack a few dozen Midol?), but thanks for your concern.
Sandy had me holed up in Pittsburgh looking for a flight and staying with my wife's aunt. She adventurously agreed to go with me to a veggie place and that's how I ended up here.   Nice layout with tables along the windows and more in back. If you're not familiar with this kind of scene it could seem a little rundown, but to my eyes it was fine. Really, it's kind of the proto-typical East Coast college town vegetarian hangout.  The aunt-in-law is a meateater and in her seventies, but she really enjoyed her tempeh Cubano. And she loved her lavender lemonade. No room for dessert though.  I got the Banh Mi and it was very tasty. 'Nuff said.  The service was in my mind delightful. The server was engaging and welcoming to my somewhat timorous companion, explaining the dishes to her and making a recommendation that worked out. He was efficient and personable.  Too bad I won't be back in Pittsburgh anytime soon, or I would make a repeat visit for sure.
I love good vegetarian options!   Immediately upon stepping into Quiet storm you'll realize their myriad of owl decor and local art hanging on the walls and counter top. The place is comfortable and is perfect if you want to just relax and read the paper.   This little cafe has it all - milkshakes to die for, vegan baked goods, yummy breakfast burritos, and killer french toast. Their imitation meat was average compared to some other one's I've had - but it's not something to harp on.   The service was pretty fast and friendly as well so remember to tip well!
Like other vegan reviewers, I very much enjoyed the wide range of options. I always feel spoiled when I have actual choices. The food was very good and I will definitely go back again. It is not really exceptional ... I did not have a 'how did they do that?' moment. Someday veggie-vegan restaurants will not have to make food that looks like omnivore grub, but this place fills a very important niche for now.  I like the vegetarian-vegan mix because my wife could also enjoy her eggs with cheese (she is not a vegan, but eats vegetarian a lot). On the service ... we had  a very nice waitperson who was very helpful without making a nuisance of herself ... which is our ideal.
My friend and I were having a weekend trip to Pittsburgh (first time!) and stopped in for brunch on Sunday before our visit to the nearby Pittsburgh Glass Center. We weren't familiar with the area & this looked like a cute place- ended up definitely enjoying our time here!  We weren't aware that it was a vegan place; regardless, the drinks menu & and the brunch menu both looked amazing. Friend ordered the Nyam, which she said was very filling (surprisingly). I had the the Country burrito, which definitely surpassed my expectations. Decent, good.   Friend & I both ordered the Don Juan mocktail which was the highlight of the meal- holy crap! AMAZINGLY GOOD- I always think that horchata tastes a little too watery but the coconut juice & caramel helps round out the drink & make my tastebuds sing. I'm only sad that I can't keep visiting and trying more of their drinks.   Might not necessarily go out of my way to come back BUT I would definitely go again if I were in the area. :)
Can't believe these negative reviewers calling anyone not like them "hipsters".  This place is very cool.  As vegan/vegetarians, it's not often we can't decide what to order when we go out to eat, but this place has tons of great options!  The decor is scattered and mismatched, but that's part of the whole re-use and re-purpose idea they are supporting.  The food is more American classic style, but there are some unique items as well.  Loved the homemade salsa.  Best I've had since we visited the atomic eggplant in Rochester years ago.  I simply love vegan food and knowing I'm supporting an ethical business.  Our server was really helpful and very attentive, too.  We'll be back next time we make a trip to the 'burgh!
It had been a very very long time since I'd visited Quiet Storm. For some weird reason, I had in my head that they made these awesome smoothies. Well... they do not. But they make milkshakes. Any other day I would have totes been into the shake but...  I reeeeeally wanted a smoothie, so I opted out of the milkshake (I know, a rare occasion), and went with a iced chai. I love that they make their own mix of chai and they also don't sweeten it, so you can sweeten it yourself. Super sweet chai is super gross. Just sayin'.   I also ordered the Sesame Noodle Platter (noodles, soy, tofu, red cabbage, mushrooms, broccoli, onions, peppers) with a ginger carrot salad. It was a solid meal. I mean, it wasn't necessarily a platter (I think a variety of separate items), but a noodle dish. I liked that there was a decent amount of veggies and not just a few, with a massive amount of noodles. I hate when that happens! It was also lightly sauced, not too heavy and sticky. Plus the fried tofu was awesome! Honestly, I've never had such good tofu before. I rarely get it because I think tofu can be so bland, but this was bomb!   A nice plus is it's a great environment to eat and work. Free WiFi and nice big tables to work on. Plus, throw in friendly service and it's a win!
They have a decent selection of food for a small cafe. They carry both staples, as well as some creative choices. Their coffee and milkshake selection is pretty extensive too.
Delicious!! Not a vegetarian, but this place might convince me to switch over. Had a few breakfast options and was blown away by the Greek plate and the QTF. Excellent coffee too.
This place is great! Cute inside, great milkshake and hot and cold coffee drink options. We had the horchata was didn't taste exactly like horchata but was delicious. We ordered the bah mi which came with two types of fake meat on it. It wasn't a traditional tasting bah mi as it didn't have enough jalepanos, cilantro and it was much heavier but the bread was good and all in all it was a delicious sandwich. We also had the flower salad which comes with a heavy dose of kale and smoked tempeh. Really really good with the peanut dressing! Tempeh is soft and very flavorful. Will get again. Found out that they are closing/ moving to an unspecified location next week so we hope that they will be there on our next trip through Pittsburgh!
I was thoroughly impressed. I am not a vegetarian but I enjoyed the variety and uniqueness of food options here. I was not upset that I wasn't eating meat at all. I also had something called a root down which is root beer and espresso, and it was heavenly. My only complaint is that it seemed to be a little pricey for the type of restaurant it is.   Also, you may have to be a young twenty something hipster/college student to enjoy it, but I am a young twenty something, so no complaints here.
This is my favorite place to order delivery pizza from. they are fast and consistent in quality and the pizza is always great. I've had their cheese steak subs too which were pretty good as well...but the pizza rocks. :)
I love N.Y. style pizza.  Could eat it every day.  On a recent to trip to Pittsburgh I tried alot of pizza and this was good pizza.    One thing about Pitt pizza... it is slightly different than true NYC style:  the crust is not as thin and there's a whole lot more cheese.  As a rule Pitt pizza also has a slightly sweeter tomato sauce.  The sum of its parts is still a delicious close cousin to NYC pizza.  The pizza I tried in Pitt in my order of favorites: Fiori's Pizza Sola (Penn Circle Branch) Pizza Perfectta Aiello's (Murray Street) Beto's  Save for Beto's, I thought they were all delicious.  Wish I had a chance to try Mineo's.  A Pittsburgh native friend of mine calls this his favorite but they were closed July 5th when I went by their place on Murray... I'll try them next time I'm in the 'burgh.  Pizza Perfectta has a few stools and a counter but really it is a take-out place.
After ordering from here again I bump my rating up a star.  I've ordered their breadsticks the past two times and have been impressed.  Simple breadstick with a bit of butter brushed on and sprinkled with Parmesan cheese has me swooning.  The marinara sauce to dip it in is amazing as well.
They have really really really good pizza and food.. But dont eat this if ur on a diet lol
We came here for pizza (Darren can't get enough!) a couple of weeks ago, and it was pretty awesome. The guy behind the counter was really nice and gave us free cookies. The tuna melt hoagie was really good also.
I've never actually been to the restaurant, but despite the plethora of pizza joints in the area (and believe me, we've sampled a LOT), this is the only place from which my Partner In Cuisine and I will order hoagies.  Even when they got our order wrong once, they were quick to fix it and deliver the replacements within a few minutes.  I can honestly say that the many times we have ordered from Pizza Perfectta, we have never actually had the pizza (but I hear it's good).  We just keep gravitating back to those hoagies!
For $10 you can get an 8 inch sub and a GIANT slice of pizza. Needless to say, this has become my favorite place to order dinner from.
There aren't many places in Pittsburgh where you can get an above average large cheese pizza for $9. They also have a traditional pizza place menu with salads, hoagies, breadsticks, pastas, and munchies. The cheesesticks are great when you're craving something cheesy and salty, and their grilled chicken salad with fries and ranch dressing is dependable as well.   One great thing about this place is that you can stop in and grab a slice or two if you're in a hurry. This place is right along my way home from the bus from work, so I'm always tempted to stop here.  If you're looking for a great place to grab an inexpensive pizza, check out Pizza Perfectta!
I stopped by here today with my fiancé for a quick slice of pizza for myself.  I had noticed this pizza place before and had wanted to try it but never really had the chance before today.  Inside it looked like your normal pizzeria with a counter to order from, a pop cooler, a display dessert case and a pinball machine which was sadly not on. The temperature inside was pleasant as the air conditioner was set to 66 which was a good change from the stickiness outside.  We were greeted almost immediately on entering and I ordered a plain slice.  A few minutes later we were on our way with my slice of pizza.  I was happy to feel that the box was actually hot and so the slice was properly warmed.  Upon opening it I was also pleased to see that the slice was pretty large.  The pizza itself ended up being really solid.  On it there was a good covering of good tasting cheese which did not fall off the pizza when eating.  The crust was crispy and of medium thickness which meant the slice wasn't floppy.  Finally my favorite part was the sauce which had some good flavor to it.  As a matter of a fact you could see the spices when looking at it closely.  The bottom line for me is that I would eat here again in the future.  I liked the pizza that I had here and may even order a whole one in the future.
I've really enjoyed their pizza so far. I also ordered a chicken salad and it was tasty for a pizza take out place, nothing too fancy. I have only had the food at this place by delivery and it has always come before and hour has passed. The pizza always comes warm and ready to eat. Nothing to complain about. I did give it only 4 stars because there are a couple of other places that serve homemade ranch on the side which makes the pizza taste even extra delicious.
All around delicious pizza, hoagie, apps place.  Always good. Consistent.  Can vouch for any pizza, Italian hoagie, jalapeño poppers and fried mushrooms. All good.  Do yourself a favor and order perfecta.
Don't be fooled by the humble exterior:  their food is delicious!  Better than Pizza Sola.  Its my favorite pie in Shadyside, and their hoagies and gyros are also delicious.
Large take out pepperoni pizza filled a delicious hole on a really cold night! It was ready in 15 minutes and was exactly what I was looking for in a take out pizza. Chewy crust, zippy sauce, greasy cheese, and tasty meat. Will be back!
I started out trying this pizza at a friend's house when she had it delivered. I loved the pizza both times and wanted to know where it was from. Finally, I went over and had it on my own. So good! I get extra cheese, which is heavenly. I find this pizza to be less greasy than others I have tried around town and it's satisfying. I love the sauce and the crust. It's not too much or too little. Just the right amount. The interior is fairly small and best for take-out. They have a display fridge with a few desserts. I've tried their cannoli and it's my favorite. There's also bottled drinks available for purchase.
I looooove their pizza! They bake my cheese with ricotta and tomato extra for a crispier crust. I'm a crust girl, and theirs is perfect. I always get a salad too but they continue to disappoint on that end. The lettuce is often brown and never crisp. I hope they get it together soon or else I will just stick to pizza. Fast delivery and good price :)
Really yum Vegetarian Pizza!
Delivered to our hotel late after a day of family stuff. Hit the spot pretty well. Only wish I'd ordered a bigger one.
Congratulatory pizza delivery for moving my friend in from California! Delivery was on time, took about 30 minutes on a Friday night so not bad. Good pizza for a decent price! I hope my friend keeps going back!
It's not a complete weekend for me without a stop at Pizza Perfectta. Pittsburgh pizza shops can be hit or miss, but these folks get it right.   The pizza itself is pretty nice. Well done, a good flavorful sauce, and just the right amount of crust. While they have good pizza, I usually find myself sticking to the hoagies, which are some of the best in town. They're loaded well and toasted to perfection. I highly recommend the steak and mushroom, as well as the chicken parm. Very filling, and the whole ones often serve for two meals for me. The wings I've had were good, too. Nice and meaty, and just the right amount of sloppy.   Prices are on par with most Pittsburgh pizza shops, and I'd highly recommend checking out the online coupons on their site. Pizza Perfectta is fast, delicious, and a great value. Easily the best in Shadyside!
Solid Pizza  One of the best "Pittsburgh" buffalo chicken in the city. That being buff chick with the thick cut potatoes, chicken, and awesome hot sauce
Ate here over the weekend and loved it. My boyfriend got the perogie pizza and said it was phenomenal. I just got plain cheese with extra cheese, but I think the normal amount of cheese would have been enough for me. Will come back here the next time I'm in Shadyside!
I'd been wanting to try pizza from this place for awhile, and I received the opportunity to do so when my dept. had some delivered for an event last Fri.  Overall, I found their pies typical of PGH pizza in style, and slightly above average in quality, hence the 4 star rating (my average rating, as well as the PGH Yelp citywide average, is 3.5).  Jason F. describes the elements of the pizza well, so I won't reiterate them.  I will mention that there was a generous amount of cheese, and the sauce:cheese ratio was on point.  I don't recall the crust being particularly crisp (my personal sticking point when it comes to pizza); however, on the other hand, I don't recall it being floppy or insubstantial, either.  In terms of overall quality, Pizza Perfectta's pies are a cut above those of nearby Pizza Parma, and they offer similar conveniences (acceptance of credit cards; delivery).  Given that I don't order food for delivery, I'll stop by in person the next time I'm in the vicinity of Shadyside/East Liberty.
They close at 12am and I put my order at 11:58 and they still deliver it fast to me. Great people!!
I wanted to give a much more positive review. Since my last review 9 days ago, I have ordered from this establishment again. So as I come to find out, the negative review on the pizza i orderded 9 days ago was NOT the same for.the pizza i just received tonight. it was really good tonight. i had to order extra cheese and sauce to my liking, but it was really good this time. Thank you guys! ;-)
I guess I'm getting burned out on winter.  That's what made me think about this place.  See, as Julina below says, it's close to Frick Park and it's a wonderful place to pick up sandwiches, pop, or picnic supplies before going over there.  It's also a great place to sit outside with a cup of coffee or a cold drink or snack before going over to the Frick Mansion.  So you can stop here with your out-of-town guests while sightseeing.  This is truly a little out-of-the-way gem, located on a side street.  I haven't been up this way in awhile (I was also nosing around on Google Maps/Street View yesterday, so that's also why I thought of this place) so I hope nothing much has changed here.
My friend Marla and I decided to go biking through Frick Park on a recent Sunday.  We stopped here because it's a great place to load up on provisions before starting a ride.  I'm a diabetic, so whenever I do physical activities, I need to make sure I have some of the sweet stuff with me like an energy bar or trail mix.    The help here is very friendly.  They have a deli menu and outdoor tables, although we stopped at Ruggeri's afterward.  But if you're in the neighborhood, stop by for some pop, coffee, or a deli sandwich and sit out and relax at one of their tables.
Frick Park Market's extensive selection of Boar's Head meats and cheeses, Breadworks baked goods, and homemade soups makes it a solid choice for a simple, inexpensive lunch.  Prosciutto and capicola with lettuce, tomato, and banana peppers is a personal favorite.
I'm new to the area, and everyone was super friendly.  I've only eaten there once.  So I can't really say much, but it is a great market to have close by.  I definitely recommend it to people in the neighborhood.  It's so important to support local businesses, especially when run by people who live in the neighborhood.  I plan to be supporting them as much as I can.  They even offered to help me discover my new neighborhood.  Great people.  Great business.  :)
I like this place; it single-handedly made me hate Pittsburgh just a little less.  In fact, this would be an easy 5 stars if it wasn't in Pittsburgh and therefore emblazoned with all manner of Steelers propaganda, and as a Browns fan I...I just can't do it.  I'm sorry.  The sandwiches were good and prepared with genuine care and attention to detail, the people were friendly and the prices reasonable.  Get the soft pretzels, toss 'em in the microwave and eat them with mustard.
There are so few legit delis in Pittsburgh, so finding one is a big deal. Frick Park Market is a hidden gem tucked away in Point Breeze near one of the roundabouts and a few blocks from the park itself. They serve a variety of ice creams and snacks in addition to their house-made sandwiches. All of the lunchmeat is Boar's Head, which is a top of the line brand that tastes absolutely wonderful. You can pretty much customize your sandwich however you'd like or choose one from the pre-made menu board. Either way you'll end up with a treat! My one complaint is that I wish the bread was a wee bit sturdier...it gets soggy easily. It would be nice to see them using Trader Joe's quality bread that stands up to all the wonderful sandwich fillings a little better. Until then I'll continue to remake my leftover half a sandwich on fresh bread at home. It's a small price to pay for such a nice deli close to my favorite park in Pittsburgh.  I must say a word about the kind staff who work here as well. I purchased a ginger beer last time I stopped in, and it had a twist off cap. Those things suck to open with bare hands. The lady behind the counter gave me a napkin to twist it off with before I'd even asked. So sweet! Thoughtfulness like that goes a long way with me.
This market is a gem alright.  We were ready to walk right past the place without even stopping but the owners greeted us warmly as we approached.   Originally, we were looking for a pizza/bar place but the owners told us it was about 10 blocks away.  They showed us their menu and we were more than pleased with the wonderful choices. Everything is freshly prepared.  They even feature a monthly dinner menu geared for cook's night off.  The selections look fantastic.  I cant wait to make a return visit.  This is the perfect spot to pick up something for the First Friday concerts held at the Frick.  Cash only but they do have an ATM inside the market.
Stopped here just to check it out.  The owners are super nice people.  Easy to talk to and very polite.  They have a vast array of snacks, grocery, a small deli area, and probably alot of other products I missed.  Sadly, they had a note saying they no longer accept credit or debit card.  I almost never carry cash (it's 2016..) so I won't be able to shop there often.
As a displaced west-coaster, I appreciate a store like this in Pittsburgh.   I like the bulk goods and spices because you can take as much as you need, you get the spices whole and they put them in big jars so you can sniff them if you want before you buy (the downside to that is that every time the jars get opened the spices probably lose some oils), and there's a huge selection.   This place has my quinoa, pearled barley, spelt flour, and nutritional yeast.   Some of the vegetables pop out at me and I'm tempted to buy a lemon or some really ripe piece of fruit. Usually I don't though. During the summer they were selling fresh herbs in pots. That was really tempting. Once they sold kittens. That was amazing.   It doesn't hurt that its right by the climbing wall, fencing, gymnastics, and bike shop.
This is a good co-op, with a generous selection for it's smallish size. Prices are better here than in some co-ops I've shopped at. Competitive with the big boxes, as far as I can tell. I have tried some hot-bar/cafe items and quite liked them. The java jolt smoothie is amazing, as is the lemon pepper tofu sandwich!  If you can judge a town by its co-op, which I am prone to do, Pittsburgh proves to be a decent place to be a conscientious vegetarian shopper.
Kind of small, but I've had excellent luck with produce here: fresh and organic. In-store coffee bar is a nice plus.
Spices, spices, spices! Best deal in town when you run out of something and don't want to pay $7 for another bottle of parsley at Giant Eagle. I also appreciate the affordable selection of local milk products, eggs, bread (Allegro Hearth, yum!) , and honey. One gripe - salad mix, it's 4.99 a bag! You can get the same salad mix at TJ's for 1.99, 2.99 if you want organic. And currently most of the produce is shipped from other states/countries. I don't know if that will change as summer rolls but more local would be great.
The bulk sections are amazing!!! spices, grains, oils, nut butters, pastas, the list goes on & on. If you or someone you know is on a special diet, this is place to go. They have a great selection of produce, GFCF items, vegan/vegetarian, and a good meat selection for that carnivore close to your heart (all the meat is hormone free and the animals fed vegetarian diets), the hot bar/salad bar (of course you pay by the pound so it can get pricey as everything looks so delicious) and prepackaged sides & sandwiches make for a fantastic lunch or quick dinner. I go there 5 days a week for the soup alone.
A great little place. I love their produce, fruits, meats and spices. They carry alot of very hard to find skin care products that I love. They were even the first place in Pittsburgh that carried Carol's Daughter products.   They also carry pre made salads, sandwiches and wraps. Sure it's not as big as I would like but it's still a great place. If you like Whole Foods and Trader Joe's you will like this place as well.
I love this place. They make the best smoothies. My only complaint is that you can find pretty much everything here less somewhere else. It is pretty expensive.
This place has steadily improved over the years, and never fails to make me happy.    It's stocked with every variety of weird hippie food.  It's also stocked with the best produce anywhere in the city in the winter months when Giant Eagle's selection looks beat up.  The prepared foods case in the back is deliciously weird.  And it's locally owned/operated, so you're not exactly sending your hard earned money to Whole Food's CEO.  The membership is lifetime, apparently, which the employees always kind of failed to express; I thought you had to pay for it yearly, and the difference is pretty big.   That said, I live far enough away that getting here regularly still doesn't justify the membership.
Lots of great vegan, local, organic, gluten-free, and/or raw food, though some items are quite pricey. Very good rotating-item hot bar for take-out lunch or dinner. Great bulk food selection, including diverse reusable glassware of known tare weight. Fresh fruits and vegetables are right-priced, but processed items like meats, cheeses, and frozen items can be surprisingly expensive. Fairly comprehensive selection, akin to a Whole Foods.
Just moved here from Baltimore and ran across this place.  Love it!  Watch yourself at the hot bar.  There's no scale (should be).  Your mea l(of veggies, tofu and kale) could end up costing $20 easily.  I usually grab a hot meal and play on my computer 1-2 hours.  Love the carrott juice with ginger YUM!  A small is $4.30 ouch!  Just found out they won't charge you for bags if you bring your own....COOL!
I really love this little place. The hot bar is almost always completely wonderful. I especially love the breakfast/brunch on weekends, it's one of my favorite meals. The potatoes and garbanzo bean patties are amazing.  The prices are pretty much in line with any smaller heath and local food oriented grocer. I can usually count on them to have specific items that Whole Foods is sold out of and sometimes at a better price. Plus, the Co-op hot bar is a million times better than the Whole Foods hot bar - quality over quantity all the way.  Short lines, great staff, good for Pittsburgh.
It's disappointing that you got lukewarm service, Erina.  I've had pretty consistently good vibes (har har--get it?--hippie reference) there from the staff, who've been enthusiastic about helping me find what I need.  Hands down, this place beats Whole Foods for price and general atmosphere, and their salad and hot bar is my go-to when I don't feel like cooking.  Absolutely GREAT bulk section with a wide variety of grains, legumes, and pastas.  Killer cookies and baked goods.   On the other hand--if I lived on my own, I could do all my shopping here.  But, since I don't--I can't.  It's tough to stock a household kitchen solely from the EEFC--I mean, I can't really afford to regularly buy $15 laundry detergent.   Realistically, the Co-op can't serve most of us for one-stop shopping.  But it's worth it to put down a few extra pennies for potatoes or juice to support a genuinely community-oriented business.
I'm so glad we have the Food Co-Op in Pittsburgh. Although still fairly expensive, it's less than Whole Foods, and I don't do all my shopping here, just the things I have a hard time finding elsewhere. The bulk selection is one of the best I've ever seen, and I truly appreciate the salad bar on busy days. Their choices are more on the crunchy/hippie side than the high-end gourmet side of things, and it's nice to shop for vegetables without having to turn something down because it's not organic...most of the produce is. The staff is helpful and friendly, and, if someone doesn't know an answer to a question, which can happen with a volunteer, he or she will find out for you. On member 10% discount days it can get very busy, so go early or late.
My first trip to the east end food co op was sort of a disappointment,  I guess I heard so much about it that I sort of made it bigger (in my mind) than it was.  First, it's not bad, for what it is. I like trader Joe's better, I like whole foods better, but this place had stuff I use that the other don't.  Nice produce section, items seemed fresh, and plentiful. Mostly organic, and I do like how they label things "local" so that we can help our local farmers, and growers.   Great juice bar, salad bar, and hot lunch items. Everything looked appetizing.  Great spice and herb section, I bought some freshly ground ginger and some wonderful sweet and smoked paprikas.   Good vegan section, tofurkey brands and lightlife products. Good dairy section too, their prices for soy milk is a bit outrageous.  That said, the east end food co op is a good place to shop for the pantry.
I'm definitely a fan of East End Food Co-op.  Their produce is always very fresh and of really high quality-it keeps really well once you get it home too, and while prices are slightly higher than an average grocery store, it's definitely worth it.  My favorite part of the Co-op is the bulk section-- it's a great way to buy items in the exact quanities you need rather than ending up with way more than you want!  The same goes for the spices--such a bargain!  The Juice bar has great smoothies and juices--they're a little pricier than I'm used to, but great for a bit of a splurge!
Though I can't say I've taken advantage of all it has to offer, I really like the idea of a co-op. It's been in the community for years and I feel good knowing I'm shopping somewhere local and cooperatively owned. They aren't the biggest grocer around, but they do have a nice selection and it's good quality food and it's definitely clean too. The produce is fresh and the variety is nice too. They also have a salad bar and hot food selection that are very tasty. They have a cooler section that has prepared food as well that is pretty great. They have a lemon pepper tofu sandwich that is absolutely amazing! The prices are decent... they're slightly higher for some things (but not all!) compared to a commercial grocery store, but they're cheaper than whole foods and I believe the quality is worth the tiny bit extra. They also offer lose (not prepackaged) goods such as nuts, granola, beans, teas, herbs, etc... that I really like. It's a fantastic place to go if you are vegan or vegetarian, but even if you are neither and just enjoy high quality and local food it's a place I certainly recommend. The parking lot and street parking gets a bit full at time and it can be a little tricky getting a spot at certain times, but I don't think that should hold anyone back form going.
Coffee, dry beans, bulk foods, fresh fruits, and veggies oh my.  Once a staple place of mine when living in Friendship and Point Breeze, now a novelty that strikes up fond memories.  Even now that I live in the North Hills I still enjoy to seek out the East End Food Co-op on a semi-regular basis.  I go there for the bulk bins mainly, but always end up grabbing some other things.  Their fresh fruit and vegetable selection is always good and cheaper than Whole Foods and Market District for sure.  I am a gigantic fan of their whole coffee bean selection as well.  Very good place.  And not swarming with hippies all the time, though that's not that bad of a thing.
I love stopping by here for a juice and take-out food from the cafe.  It's one of the few places I've found in Pittsburgh serving fresh-pressed and organic juices. My favorite juice combo is the carrot, apple, and ginger, aka "Ginger Wabbit".  Although they can be a little pricey, certain juices are sometimes on special, so keep your eye out!  They also have plenty of smoothie and coffee bar options if juices and wheat grass shots aren't really your thing.  Don't be afraid to ask the staff member for some recommendations!  The hot food/salad bar has great vegetarian and vegan options.  Usually the selections include roasted veggies, homemade soups, tofu and tempeh options, kale, and some kind of grain.  On the back wall of the store, they have a selection of already packaged salads, sandwiches, mock tuna and chicken salad, hummus, marinated tofu, great to grab and go or enjoy for lunch in the cafe.  I can't comment much on the store selection, because I mostly stick to the prepared foods and juice bar.  They also have a large selection of nutritional bars, including the local companies such as Barre and NuGo.  Don't be intimidated to give East End Food Co-op a shot, the staff is totally helpful and the healthy, fresh lunch options are worth stopping in for!
This is a great co-op. The store is very clean and organized well, with a wide variety of organic, vegan, and vegetarian options on the shelves. There are plenty of bins and dispensers where you can purchase nearly anything imaginable in bulk: rolled oats, trail mix, beans, spices, honey... the list goes on! The produce and prepared foods are very fresh and enticing as well. Though the prices are rather high, the quality of the food here can't be beat. If you want organic, exotic foods in Pittsburgh, this is the place for you.
The East End Food Co-Op is a great place to shop and somewhere I frequent reguarly. They have a full selection of products but add a different local flare to things! I find their produce is always fresh and they have a great selection of organic fruits and vegetables as well.  One of my favorite parts about the East End Food Co-Op is The Co-op Café. They have a variety of soups, entrees and sides to choose from plus a great salad bar. Whether I have time to sit down and enjoy my meal or take it to go they have a little bit of everything and it's all FRESH! This is one of my favorite places to shop!
They have a great selection of products considering their size. I would give them 5 stars but they carry bottled water--which confuses me. If they are really passionate about protecting the environment and resources, they should not be selling bottled water, regardless as to how it is sourced.
A lesser known Whole Foods type of market with its own charm.   This place is pretty cool. There is so much to see and consider buying and I was intrigued at every corner. Listen to the reviews! Their selection of veggies, meats, fruits, frozen items, nuts and pretty much everything is amazing. You'll have so much fun exploring even if you're not looking to really buy anything. Boyfriend got dried mangoes and almond butter. A bit pricey, but we expected it to be. I got some food from the hot food and salad bars. They are small; you might find something you like. (Their mac n cheese is good!) They also have a juice bar, which I'd love to try next time.   East End Food Co-Op is an excellent place to do your weekly grocery shopping. You can find everything you need here and more.
A lot of vegan options.  Kind of pricey. Parking is not ideal but the do have bike parking.  The staff is knowledgeable,  helpful and friendly.  They always seem to be adding new options to their selection.  It seems small and can get pretty crowded inside when busy.
This is a pretty cool little spot I discovered while in town for work.  They have a great veggie lunch buffet (hot and cold) and some GREAT coffee.  Will definitely be stopping by again for groceries before I leave town.
The East End Co-Op is a great location for healthy foods. It's a small market but carries a lot of items from fresh produce, hot foods, fresh grains and spices. If you're vegetarian, vegan or have special diet such as gluten-free, the options here abound. They have a wonderful juice bar as well as a hot bar serving delicious prepared foods including breakfast, lunch and dinner fare. I especially love going there for breakfast. Goods are at a higher price point here, but you're paying for quality products that are locally sourced and GMO-free. This store is a Pittsburgh gem!
I really dig the EEFC, notably for breakfast, which is when I go when I'm in tahn.  This is the real deal - alt culture 70s vibe combined with an unpretentiously modern selection of fine foodstuffs, much of which is vegan-friendly (which is the best kind of friendly).
This is Recycling Central...  Whether you're building a house more-or-less from scratch, remodeling a home, or into refinishing, you owe it to yourself to visit CJ on a regular basis. This is where I found my front door (with sidelights), a huge multi-pained window, and restorable old hutch - all of them with wavy glass! - two pedestal sinks, a stainless steel kitchen countertop with integral sink, a pair of exterior French doors, lighting fixtures, slate sidewalk stones....   This place even has recycled paint! I used it on my basement walls 'cause it's inexpensive (I needed five gallons). It looks great and seems to hold up well, even under adverse conditions.
Dig, dig, dig and donate, donate, donate.  You can find any and everything you could need/work with here.  In fact, the desk I'm typing this from is from CJ and is in perfect condition!  The Big Pour doesn't hurt either ;)
This place is so much fun and prices are fantastic.  I go in always with every intention to find a fabulous piece of furniture to bring my bedroom together. Clearly it just hasn't been donated yet, but I'm not giving up! I buy lots of "shiny fun stuff" to be all artsy-crafty with and I LOVE IT. The only thing I miss is the random paint they used to sell, now I know its all new paint containers. I'm sure its some legal mumbo jumbo, but its ok. Definitely worth checking out!
i'm all for recycling / re-using/sustainability but a lot of the items in here are just ... junk / ugly crap that no one with any real aesthetic taste would want in their home. probably better for sourcing fixtures for industrial / commercial spaces ...
If you have anything which needs to be recycled, this is your place. Also a great spot to look for used household/construction items for refurbishing your old Pittsburgh house. A neat concept, and worth checking out if you have not been here before.
If I had to describe it in two words: DIY Heaven. Does an acronym count as one word? I'm going to say it does.  We had a place somewhat like this in my hometown, but it was not nearly as massive or as interesting as Construction Junction. So many antique door knobs and chandeliers, windows, cabinets, toilets, tubs! Things ripped off/out of old houses, spare vending machines, cafeteria benches, even a pulpit. And everything was so reasonable! I found at least a dozen things that I really wanted that were priced under $50.   Shopping here really makes me wish I owned a pick-up truck. If I did I would haul away windows, chairs, mantlepieces, desks, and file cabinets in mass quantities. Then wonder where all this crap is gonna go in our tiny apartment...
Construction Junction is an incredible experience! Just drive a block off Penn Ave in Point Breeze, pull into a fenced-in parking lot, and head toward a little door attached to a deserted-looking warehouse. The little door opens into an old, dusty space filled with used home items. Don't forget to check out the crazy pieces of artwork suspended from the ceiling as you walk through!   The warehouse has a range of items from treasures to no-one-would-ever-buy-this pieces. Today I saw:  -fabulous 1960s desks -old scratched and/or locked filing cabinets -retail display cases -disassembled kitchen cabinets and countertops  -ancient (and very intriguing) appliances  -hundreds of toilets and bathroom sinks -random bathroom and kitchen tiles -carpet remnants -lots and lots of random chairs -light fixtures varying in quality from brilliant chandeliers to barely-operational  The list just goes on and on and on. Take the oddness of this list and multiply it by 3... then you're getting close to imagining what Construction Junction is like.   Make sure to enter this store with zero expectations, no particular items to buy, and an empty home. Sadly, my home is filled (though I really wanted that 1960s desk...), and I had an item to buy (a filing cabinet). We left empty handed and drove straight to Office Depot, where I purchased a $90 (vs $25 here) filing cabinet that was not locked, had smooth-running drawers, and is not scratched up. Even though I didn't find what I needed today, I cannot wait to return here in the future.
You never know what you are going to find.  The paint is absolutely phenomenal... Wonderful money saver and decent selection of colors.  You can do great crafty projects with their tile selection (May not be enough to tile a large area but good for bathrooms or mismatch).  I bought an amazing new vanity there that would have cost me triple elsewhere.  So fabulous!
This is a fun place, not just functional. What an eclectic mix of fixtures like old door knobs to bigger home improvement items, antiques and some art. I think if Andy Warhol was living he would love to see the big Marilyn Monroe artwork, the "I Love Pittsburgh" sign, the big fish art donated by a local artist, the mannequins displayed in around the hot tub....It is more than a place to find home improvement products. It is art. I never thought seeing so many colors of toilets or toilet tanks together (many pastels) would remind me of that. It definitely has the feel and look of Pittsburgh and from the mannequin displays it shows that the employees have personality plus!
A great place all around whether you are looking to donate or buy something.   If you are looking for an old door, tile or quirky part for a home project this is the place to go.  I recently bought a new vanity and was able to donate the cabinet portion (do check the website for specific requirements on donations). They make it easy as you back your car up to the large warehouse doors and a helpful worker will unload. Don't forget your receipt for tax time!  I  live 4 blocks away and often go to drop off recycling another great benefit of this place.  They have large bins for many different recycling options from card board boxes to plastic.   Also  this place is nonprofit and they have an amazing fundraiser every year in September called the Big Pour.  $75 ticket gets you all the beer and food you could want for 3 hours.  Best event in Pittsburgh!
We ended up here just to look around and it was so much fun!  How awesome a resource this would be if you are working on a home improvement project. Everything is very well organized and displayed. There is just so much to look at - because of this I believe it would be best to come in with a mission - i.e. I need a new sink for my kitchen. If you go in just to look it could get quite overwhelming! We were with friends who were looking for a railing for their home and although they didn't find anything I know they'll go back again soon!  They have quite a bit of furniture on top of all kinds of finishes for both the interior and exterior of a space.  Tip: sign up for the weekly email that gives you inventory updates!
This place is always hit or miss, but I love it! It can be full of great finds or even a great place to donate to.  They have a wide selection of old doors and windows that always seem to be lined up in the hallways. There is a back room that seems to always have every part of an old school. At the opposite end, all sorts of bobbles and finds.  Behind the counter you can find antique doorknobs and such. On one visit there was a giant box of leftover tiles, which were all beautiful that I turned into accent coasters!  Not only does this place have a lot to offer, but it also encourages recycling with its big bins in the parking lot.
This complex is chock full of all things sportsy...gymnastics, fencing, biking, and yeah, rock climbing!!  It's nothing high tech and the first climb is $12 regardless of whether you're a student or a lady on ladies night (I was both).  This hike in price is so some guy can explain some basic rules to you for 3 minutes...what a deal.  Regardless, the rates are really reasonable (although I've never been to a rock gym before so I could be way off).    I climbed in the free fall area without ropes.  Climbing courses are marked by colored tape on the walls so you can climb according to your skill level.  It's a great work out...I can barely move my arms enough to type out this review.
Pittsburgh doesn't really have its choice of indoor climbing walls, but I was pretty impressed by this location (though note, this review is just for bouldering). The bouldering area is huge, and on a Saturday afternoon surprisingly empty with no need to wait for any route. It's labeled from V0 upwards... although the floor is padded, the walls do go up pretty high (the 10ft estimate from before is accurate), so a fall would be pretty scary... they do give you an option to wear a helmet, but I saw nobody doing so.  The routes are all clearly marked, and difficulty seemed to correspond with rating - there are also a ton to choose from, so you won't get bored. One staff member in particular was amazing - Allen - who spent the time giving climbing tips and encouragement to whomever needed it. Costs are also reasonable ($12/day, + $3/shoes, $2/chalk), and it's located in a nice strip mall with the East End Co-Op nearby for food. Overall, not a bad place to spend an afternoon!
As a new climber I found the whole process intimidating, but the staff at The Climbing Wall helped me get on the right path. Also, the regulars here seemed very nice and always willing to help out a newbie. It isn't very expensive either, 10 or 12 bucks for a full day of bouldering is a very reasonable deal (I haven't seen many places which were cheaper).   I'm sure a lot of people, including myself, wish this place was a little bigger, but for being in the city it's not a bad size. It's actually surprising how many routes they managed to plan out for the size of the place, there's more than enough to keep the walls feeling fresh even after many climbs. The diversity of the routes is really great too, there's plenty of routes for each skill level and climbing style.   The overall experience was wonderful: great staff, great people, and a great setup.   Tip: If you're a beginner without your own equipment, the shoe rental is worth the extra 3 or 4 bucks.
The Climbing Wall is as advertised - a climbing wall. No extras (no retail, no showers) but a good spot to get your climb on when you're in Pittsburgh.   Two entrances - one for top roping and the other for bouldering. I've only been bouldering and it's a good crowd. Friendly staff will check you in (newbies: you have to pay for a walkthrough to go over the rules of the wall that takes around 5 min upfront) and then after you sign away your life liabilities..it's you vs. the Wall!   Routes are VB (beginner) through around V6 with a lot of options at all ranges. A bunch are also unmarked so go with that if you're into a challenge. The other climbers are very friendly and will help you out.  Cubbies for your stuff, small room for you to change, bathrooms, water fountains. Ample parking if you aren't there at high time after work.  Wednesdays are Ladies Night: Half off entrance fee ($6) for women and men who show up wearing a sports bra or ladies tank top. Also a good night to visit and watch men in ladies tank tops..if that's your jam.
When I lived in Pittsburgh, I used to climb here all the time. Pretty cool vibe, cool stuff drawn on the walls, good climbing problems that were kept up to date. Tons of great bouldering, which is what I'm mainly into. I miss this place, wish there were more like it.
I like this place but the hours are inconvenient (top roping doesn't open until 5PM during the week!!!!) I wish they would expand their hours. Otherwise, they make a nice effort to change their routes relatively often.
I went here on-and-off for about a year. It was a great place to work-out and learn the basics of bouldering. The community felt safe--always a space on the bike-rack, everyone left their backpacks in the front area where the desk-staff could watch them, way-reasonable prices for shoe and chalk rental. I particularly liked the tunnel and the top-outs, because they always required a bit more creativity to manage. That there were kids and couples and teenagers with their parents and college students all using the same routes made it feel more like a great community center than just another place to get exercise.
I've been climbing here for 2 years. Membership is definitely worth it if you're planning on going frequently. I prefer to walk because parking is less than ideal and I live close by. The routes in the bouldering area are fun and challenging, and they're reset at a good frequency. New holds and new mats have been purchased in the past year, so a lot of the comments I'm seeing on here are outdated.   This is definitely a better gym for bouldering than top roping. The top roping area is pretty small, but they work with what they've got. I've always found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable.
Great spot.  It's pretty cheap for a day pass, and shoe rentals are also reasonable (I'm not a seasoned climber, just fun to do once in awhile).  The employees are friendly and explain everything really well to first-timers.    They change up the patterns seasonally, so it's been different every time I've gone.  It's definitely an awesome place to go on a rainy day and sneak in a good workout without realizing it (until the next day, ouch).  The only drawback, which isn't the establishment's fault, is sometimes the more serious groups of climbers will monopolize entire walls at a time.  Not cool, man.  But that happens everywhere; some people are just assholes.
I bought the Groupon with a friend and we were both pleasantly surprised. Friendly, informative staff, even the clientele are friendly and insightful, almost light going to a friendly gym.
Really, really, really liked this place. Unfortunately only went bouldering so I can't rate the top roping.  I'll start with the reasons why I couldn't give it a full 5 stars: a lot of the holds are pretty greasy. Rather than using color coordinated holds, they're marked off by tape patterns - but a lot of the routes have been there for a while so the tape is peeling off for half of them and/or 5 different routes overlap every hold so it's pretty confusing often times. Lastly, the floor is fairly stiff, kinda like a gymnastics tumbling floor and there's not enough crash padding to cover the whole floor. Lastly, the walls themselves are wood, rather than traditional bouldering walls that you can smear on.  That seems like a lot to improve on...so why still such a high rating? Simply put, route creativity. All sorts of walls: straight, overhangs of all angles and curves, 360 degree traversing routes, cracks, one through a low tunnel, chimneys, etc. there are some REALLY clever routes that really make you think how to do them. I loved the routes here and wish I had more than a day in Pittsburgh to come back.  Price wise, a little cheaper than other bouldering gyms I've been to. $14 for a typical admission, with reduced rates on returns for some people (like students). They have a "ladies night" that men can also get in to if they were a sports bra as a top. Mildly sexist, but hey, it's all in good fun and the discount is extended to us so *shrug*  But anyway, loved this place. Would come back without hesitation.
I needed a new flex pipe welded. Meineke took care of it quickly and for cheap (after a different mechanic said what the fair price was).
This has been my favorite restaurant for several years, and the one we go to the most often. My partner says they make the best scallops in Pgh. I'll never forget the stuffed zucchini blossoms: lovely! Monique is a gracious hostess. The restaurant used to be a garage -- check out the ceiling. Love it when they open the wall in the summer. Cash only. BYOB. Just off Ellsworth. Don't know if they treat everyone like family, but that's how they treat us. Highly recommended.  (10/20/13 Although the food stayed consistently good it's not quite the same now that hostess Monique is gone.)
Very trendy cool out of the way place that I definitely suggest you check out.  This is a Tony Pais restaurant, he owns another more formal place downtown but I forget the name.  He used to own Baum Vivant on Baum Blvd.  This was a great place.  The last I was there was 7 or 8 years ago.  It was total formal fuu fuu fine dining, but what an experience.  Anyways, it's gone now and I haven't been to one of his places since until last night when a friend suggested we try this little oasis located on Spahr St.  This place is the opposite with respect to atmosphere than Baum Vivant.  It's in a converted garage with a few outdoor tables.  It's cash only and BYOB.  It's very informal and I got away with wearing tennis shoes and my "Super Size My Foie Gras" fruit of the loom t-shirt.  Don't need to get dressed up to enjoy amazing food.  The inside of the restaurant/garage has a high ceilings and an eclectic mix of non-matching tables that I imagine were collected from Thrift stores.  The service was awesome, spot on from start to finish.  The lovely european women who served and hosted had big smiles and a genuine appreciation when we said we liked the food.  The meal started with some warm rolls that they may cook on site.  It was served with ice cold butter.  That's fine, but let's get a little more creative people on the butter, dips with the bread.  The first course was this amazing artichoke soup.  This literally is the best soup I've tried since I can remember and I eat out all the time.  The flavor was layored with the cream, maybe nutmeg, maybe spinach, and also what tasted to me like a shellfish broth.  It was a very complex flavor.  Amazing!  Next was a goat cheese dish served inside of phyllo dough.  It was tasty, but a little too rich for my taste.  The inside of the dough had apricots mixed with the goat cheese and the sauce was some type of combination of walnuts and apples pureed'.  Interesting, but didn't add too much to the dish.  Also, we tried a smoked salmon appetizer served on croutons with capers.  It was perfect and I really like their portions here.  They don't try to kill you with the size of the dishes.  My friend ordered the crabcakes, which were two small mostly lump crabmeat portions.  They were delicious served with a mushroom cream sauce.  The rice that was served with the crabcakes were another story, totally tasteless and not seasoned well. The rice was also a liitle mushy.  I tried the Elysian Fields lamb burger.  I had never seen an Elysian Fields lamb burger, so I thought I'd give it a try.  It was a decent portion (4 oz. I'd guess) at a reasonable price $11.  I didnt' really get to tell the difference between regular lamb and Elysian because they overcooked the burger to well done and it lost much of the flavor.  Overall, I'll stick to Tessaro's for my burgers.  We finished with a chocolate mousse, which was okay but I thought too heavy for a mousse.  I got out of here with a $65 + tax bill for all this amazing food.  What's even better is that because it's byob I probably saved $30 for the bottle of wine as well.  I really like the fact I can have interesting food, relatively cheap in a casual atmosphere.  One last thing, they don't have AC so you may want to pick a cooler night if you plan on sitting indoors.  They also say they don't take reservations on the menu, but we were able to make a reservation on Sunday for Monday for two people.
I enjoyed this place, but wasn't completely wowed.  I was told that it's Portuguese, but I'm not seeing what's so Portuguese about it.  Certainly a good Continental restaurant, by any means.    I liked the atmosphere, and the service was good.  And the food was good too.  But for the price, I didn't think the food was THAT great.  I'll come again, but it won't be because I'm the one suggesting it.
I definitely got the best service of the restaurants on Ellsworth from this restaurant, and they also offer the best food for the price.    The menu is creative and dinner (soup, salad and salmon) were delicious, but there is nothing that Portugese about this place (except the decor and a very sweet older lady hostess who may in fact be Portugese).  In fact, I think it would be considered a national security threat in Portugal to have a place that serves dinner NOT serve wine.  The government of this state is partly to blame though.  Since when did PA become goddamn Utah?!  But Rendell's gotta get his cut I guess...  Anyway, the place is small and intimate, one server handles the floor.  Minus points for the lack of alcohol,and frozen butter with the bread, but this restaurant is a neighborhood gem.
Cute small restaurant with old world decor and concrete walls. The food is very good. We enjoyed the atmosphere.   We tried the curry shrimp, which was extraordinary. I was not expecting it to be that delicious, and I would recommend it to anyone. The bread was fresh and very tasty. They had the white anchovy tower special appetizer with anchovies, tomato in olive oil. This was also excellent, and reasonably creative. The calamari appetizer had plenty of calamari and was very good.  The Zinho salad was just OK, which was our single disappointment. On the plus side, it had artichokes and hearts of palm. On the downside, we could have prepared it at home easily; the olives were from a can and tasted bland.   All in all, great food minus the salad in a cozy place.   The restaurant is BYOB, but we were lucky to have bought a bottle of wine from the Wine & Spirits store off S. Highland Ave.   They do not take credit cards, but they said they had an ATM closeby.
My wife and I have been here a number of times and it's gotten better each time. Some tips:  - stick with the appetizers. Every one we've had is fantastic. The entrees are fine, but nothing special. The apps, on the other hand, are truly first rate. - eat as much of their bread as your stomach will let you. Holy crap it's good! - It's BYO, so make sure to bring your favorite bottle of wine. - On a nice day, inside, but by the big window/door to the left. It let's in a nice breeze and makes the meal fantastic.  Try this place, you won't regret it.
I've been to Cafe Zinho at least 25 times and I am sure to go back again soon.  The dining room is a funky garage space that has been converted into an eclectic Europen bistro.  The food is very good and the atmosphere is relaxed and Bohemian.  The puff pastry appetizer is always a winner.  The chef, Tony Pais, is Portuguese, but there are a lot of elements of French cuisine in his cooking. He used to own Cafe Zao and Baum Vivant, both well regarded restaurants, but I find the food is much more reasonable at Zinho. There's a few tables outside, and I find it enjoyable to choose those tables on a warm day.
We stopped by for the first time on a cold Friday night around 9:30. We made sure to have reservations, as the place is pretty small. It's BYOB and we didn't bring our own wine because we weren't in a drinking mood, but once we sat down we realized this was the kind of place where you needed a bottle of wine. The decor is like an slightly charming mess of old furniture, clean table clothes, and scarves draped over the windows of the converted garage. We sat right by the door and right under the old dresser that the owners stand at.   The food was good. We ordered the tomato garlic bisque, which was delicious. The stuffed peppers with crab and goat cheese were tasty, but the plate was super hot and the peppers were cold, so that was a bit off. For main courses we ordered the salmon and the lobster ravioli. The salmon was great. It w cooked well and had a dill cream sauce on it. It was supposed to be served with risotto, but instead came with a dried cake of old creamy looking rice. I ignored that and ate the steamed and grilled veggies they used to garnish the plate. The lobster ravioli was amazing, but instead of coming in it's own sauce, they simply poured on the tomato garlic bisque that we had already ordered as a first course. After reading mixed reviews about this place, I was pleasantly surprised,   This place was a hot mess with slightly cold food, but I really liked it.
The adjectives that come to mind when I think of Cafe Zinho are cute, quaint, cozy and in a random area. I don't think I would have stumbled upon this place just upon chance. I made a reservation for three on a Tuesday night at 7. My two friends were already there and then... there was just me in the restaurant, which scared me a little bit but I have to have faith in my fellow Yelpers.   The waitress was an adorable woman who was so friendly, helpful and enthusiastic about the dishes in a quiet manner. You just wanted to pinch her cheeks or something. Anyway she gave us some bread which was sweet, unlike many of the other restaurants breads that I have had, which I enjoyed. We ordered the goat cheese for an appetizer which was just so ooey and gooey deliciousness and then for the piece de resistance ordered the sea bass special that night which had capers, a potato, rice and some roasted vegetables. Great light combination and not too heavy. The size of the sea bass was like of the entire whole fish. To top it off we had the rice pudding dessert which was similar to flan but I thought this was so tasty. I kind of want one right now as I am typing this review.   I am so glad I went to Cafe Zinho finally and would happily come back here again.
Cafe Zinho is a quaint little spot tucked away in the hidden corners of Shadyside.  I have driven by it many times without even realizing it was a restaurant.   Thankfully, my more knowledgeable girlfriend recommended checking it out, as she had to buy me dinner. Cruel world, I know.  We were able to get an early reservation on a Saturday, pick up a bottle of wine ( a must!) and make it relatively on time. Intimate is precisely the word I would use to describe this living room dining experience. The waitresses are what you would want your host mom to be like from a foreign country, and splendidly cheery.  We ordered two apps, both delicious. They also served some impeccable cornbread as well. The first app was a pastry sort of thing covered in goat cheese, that was worthy of plate licking, had it been socially acceptable. The second was a batch of clams in a fragrant tomato sauce (the sauce also went well on the goat cheese pastry). Most of the time when I order clams, they are far too fishy, but these were perfect.  The lady friend ordered the special, a quail dish, while I ordered lamb osobuco. The portions were very generous, and you could easily see the care and prep that went into each individual dish. I must say, the quail was divine. I ended up super jealous and contemplated tricking the gf to turn around so I could switch plates while she was distracted. It was a mixture of sweet and layered with spices, the meat juicy and rich.   The lamb was textured and cooked very well, however it seemed to lack a distinctive flavor to bring out the qualities of the meat itself. Perhaps more garlic or such.   Either way, I will return, maybe with some Portuguese phrases in hand to banter with my adopted foreign mom/waitress.
Atmosphere and service was great. Appitizers were good. For dinner We ate the pork tenderloin and a ravioli of some sort.  Both tasted good with the pork tenderlion being the best.
Shopping at Whole Foods this afternoon made us hungry and as we had no plans for dinner, my wife thought of Cafe Zinho, which is nearby.  I called and they said they were quite busy but if I could get there quickly, they had an open table for us.  Before hanging up they reminded me to bring a bottle of wine if I wanted one.  We made a quick stop at the nearby wine and spirits shoppe, bought a Spanish red, and showed up at Cafe Zinho.  They offered us the choice of two tables and immediately opened our wine, and brought over two nice stems.  The waiter gave us menus, described the daily specials and gave us time to mull it over.  We both ordered the soup of the day, a pumpkin bisque, my wife just ordered their Zhino side salad as her entree, and I chose a lamb burger (not Elysian Fields lamb, I asked).  Our waiter brought us a basket of what I suspect to be Portuguese bread.  It had a delicious sweetness. Our soups came out fairly quickly.  The bowls held a hearty serving of the delicious (and filling) cream soup.  After clearing our empty bowls our waiter bought out our entrees.  My wife's side salad was large, as side salads go.  She was quite pleased with it.  It had baby greens, tomato, olives, hearts & reduced red wine vinaigrette.  I had a taste and agreed with her assessment.  My lamb burger was huge!  It was at least an inch thick and was topped with feta and fruit chutney.  It came with a salad that filled any remaining space on the plate not taken up by the burger.  Note to self- do not order a salad if you're going to order the lamb burger!  I ordered the burger cooked medium-well, even though the waiter sort of tried to talk me into medium.  It came out just the way I wanted it, with just a hint of pink in the middle, and full of delicious juices.  My wife agreed that it was extremely yummy!  I cut the burger in half and managed to eat one of the halves along with about half the salad before I ran out of room.  My wife made it about halfway thru her salad by then, and she too gave up.  We asked for doggie bags and our waiter packed our meals up in containers and put them in a plastic bag for us.  It was a very nice meal and dining experience.  We noticed that the hostess greeted most people who came thru he door by name.  Obviously there are a large group of regulars who dine here often. Pros: BYOB, tasty food, reasonable noise level, outdoor sidewalk dining is available seasonally, friendly and attentive service (if a bit unpolished). Cons:  Ambience (it originally was a gas station) and there is nothing fancy about the funky decor, tables are packed every which way into the available interior space.
Fantastic cozy & artistic & foreign ambiance. Good food. Great decor.  (For the record, I tried my first liver here - which I thought would be pate, but was not - to my hidden horror. I ate a bite - in front of my clients & colleagues - for good measure [and to hide my naievete], but they eventually noticed I was not eating it. I politely, humbly explained my mistake, and they respected me for trying something new. Of course my client then told me about blood tofu, which was a bit shocking, but I firmly believe in expanding one's own mind and perceptions of the world and all its cultures, so I appreciated his sharing. Adding this experience to that of eating bone marrow here at Pulpo in D.C.)
I had a wonderful meal and terrific evening at Cafe Zinho. Before I talk about the food, however, I want to explain why I'm giving Zinho only 4 stars. There are two major factors that negatively affected my overall experience. First, for a restaurant as expensive as Zinho (somewhere between $80-100 for two people), I think it's absurd that they don't accept credit cards. They are CASH or PERSONAL CHECK ONLY. For a place like this - with prices like these - it just comes off as cheap. Secondly, when I called to make a reservation, they encouraged me to bring a bottle of wine (it's BYOB), but did not mention the corkage fees, which will vary depending on the number of people and the number of bottles. It just seemed strange to not mention that additional charge when I called to make the reservation. True 5-star restaurants might work transaction and corkage fees into their menu prices, but I think the quality restaurant culture is beginning to move away from charging separate fees.  Those minor complaints aside, our meal at Cafe Zinho was phenomenal. I wanted something upscale and out-of-the-ordinary for our one night in Pittsburgh. We drove 10 miles from downtown - through sudden blizzard conditions - specifically for this place. Though neither of us are huge seafood aficionados, their menu is very accessible to both adventurous and more reticent eaters.   For an appetizer, we ordered the puff pastry-encased goat cheese, laid in a sweet pumpkinseed sauce. The entrees really stole the night, however. I ordered the mussels in a vodka tomato sauce laid overtop pappardelle pasta. The sauce included chopped onions and other spices worked right into it, making its consistency chunky rather than "creamy" - the word used by the menu description. My fiancé ordered the crab cakes with the lemon-vanilla glaze. Both of us were blown away by these entrees, not to mention obsessed with their Portuguese cornbread that they bring to the table (out of this world). For dessert, the options change - but it appears they usually have a cheesecake and mousse option.    The staff was helpful, kind, and very invested in their food. The ambiance is very intimate: a small place with a seating capacity of no more than 35, original art lining the walls, and a small bar at the entrance (it's more of a server area because they don't serve alcohol on the premises). Overall, a really memorable evening, only slightly marred by those strange fees, which could be easily avoided. Just remember your checkbook and be prepared for corkage fees - if you go prepared, the only surprises will be the delicious kind offered by Cafe Zinho.
The chef knows his job. Food is well prepare, I enjoyed it. The space is kind of small and cramped, a little bit disorganized but the taste of the food definitely compensates. Pricy,  but overall a good place to enjoy a dinner.
Based on the menu, I would classify Cafe Zinho as more of a general fine dining restaurant rather than a Portuguese specialty restaurant. There are some Portuguese items, but I feel the emphasis is on providing high quality dishes non-specific to any particular cuisine.  For starters, we were brought corn bread which was great. It had a great textural contrast with the flakiness of corn bread along with the fluffiness of loafs.  Next, we had frog legs in a lemon and white wine sauce. The sauce was very pleasant as it highlighted a contrast among bittery, buttery, and sweetness. We dipped many pieces of corn bread in the sauce. Most of the flavor of the frog legs came from the sauce. The frog legs themselves were very chewy. I suspect that they were prepared in an oven; I think quickly grilling or quickly deep frying the frog legs might yield a more pleasant texture.  The main entree was great! I had the filet of trout which comes with grilled vegetables. The grilled veggies were simple yet well executed. The trout was nicely seasoned and cooked. I was able to appreciate the taste of the fish as well as the light seasoning. I wish the trout's skin was a bit crispier; however, I want to emphasis the the fish was cooked very much to my liking.  All in all, the food was very good. The main entrees were quite pricey. You're likely to be spending at least $30 per person.
This is a cozy little place. I made last minute reservations for a Saturday evening because the restaurant we were supposed to go to  closed due to an emergency. Major bummer for us, but life goes on and luckily we were able to get a table at this place. At first we were seated by the register area and that was a little awkward because it felt like the hostess and waitresses were right at the table with us. I wasn't in the mood for a large group dinner so we asked to be moved, a request they graciously accomodated. Unfortunately, we were then seated pretty close to the door and it was a cold February evening so that was a little rough. Fortunately, we had a whole bottle of wine to warm us up.  OK, so now let's talk about the wine thing:  this is the first BYOB place I've ever eaten at and I loved it! It's pretty great to share a bottle of wine that you can pick out yourself, rather than spend a fortune on some ordinary bottle offered by the restaurant. I didn't know if we had to open the bottle ourselves and brought a cork screw just in case, but turns out they open it for you; I can't remember if there was a corkage fee, but it they do it's a small fee.  Now, for the food: we shared a sardine appetizer and it was quite good. The bread was also really delicious, very fresh and soft. For my entree I ordered the lobster tail and that was very tasty! The veggies served alongside were cooked perfectly and the sauce was light and flavorful. We ended the meal with a chocolate mousse, which my partner didn't love, but I thought it was pretty good, definitely not the best I've had, but good!  To sum it all up: good food, cozy place, and friendly staff!
Cafe Zinho is a quaint and romantic Portuguese-American restaurant. While they may not take the progressive-dish risks of the similarly-priced contemporary cuisine options in the area, they still manage to put their own twist on classic dishes--and they do it well.  I wish I could pinpoint a dish to recommend, but everything I tasted left me more satisfied than the previous bite. The smaller seating area allows for an intimate dinner whether you're coming as a couple or bringing the whole family. Bring your own bottle, follow your gut (or the waiter's recommendations), and sink in to Cafe Zinho. The worst part? When it's all over, you have to leave.
Good is great and place is really cozy and romantic  I would also add easy parking and table by the window is nice. Service was very good  We would recommend fish pasta and chicken!  We will be back for sure
I like the atmosphere, the food and the service. Just is a little small and expensive. But if don't care about the price is very good recommedation. Especially their bread that is free. I love it!!
Such a cute, quaint and artsy place tucked away on a mostly residential street in Shadyside.  I was worried about parking, but I went on a Wednesday and found parking just outside.  Before I go further, THEY ARE CASH AND PERSONAL CHECK ONLY.  I want to point that out as I am someone who usually has little cash on hand.  The ingredients were very fresh.  We had the pheasant tartine - I've never had tartine before - kind of like a pate, but more firm - almost like cold head cheese consistency.  Also my date had the puff pastry with mushrooms, which she loved.  Our entrees were very good as well - a full rack of lamb for me, and she had the bronzino - both cooked very well.  The skin on her bronzino was crispy and very tasty - and both entrees were well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  This place is also BYOB.  We will be back someday.
3.5 really.  There is a lot to like about Café Zinho and I'd definitely go back, but there are a couple of things that have to pull the star rating down a bit...  The good... - The place itself is really cute.  It's a converted garage covered with an eclectic mix of décor that gives it a nice homey feel.  Lots of really nice details - old doors make up the ceiling, bright paints, mismatched but somehow coordinated chairs and tables, etc.  - The server was very friendly.  She was attentive and helpful, and she recommended an excellent dessert (some sort of cookies, cream, and berries concoction that was just the right amount of sweet to end the meal) - The food (with the exception of the goat cheese and beet stack) was delicious and a nice break from the standard Pittsburgh fare.  We started with the goat cheese puff pastry and tomato bisque.  Both were delicious.  The soup was thinner than I would have expected for a bisque, but I actually preferred it that way.  The lamb burger was so simple (lamb patty, cheese, and dijonaisse); but it was so good.  I'd go back for that.  The goat cheese and beet had potential, but it was semi-frozen and had a weird texture because of that.    The bad... -  I thought most of the menu was a bit over-priced.  Not grossly over-priced, but definitely on the higher end and the miscellaneous charges add up.  There is also a $4 split plate charge, which got us a little extra of the side dish with the burger we split.  And there is a $5 corkage fee for the BYOB.   - Their policies toward groups stink.  No separate checks for parties over 4?  Grrr...  My party of exactly 4 was also presented a single check (we split some stuff, so I get it), but it would have been nice to have the option.  I see why because they write and figure the tickets by hand, but WHY in this day and age are we doing that by hand?    - Cash only.  I don't carry that kind of cash around regularly and it's annoying to have to make a special trip to the ATM before dinner.
I stopped by here this past Tuesday evening with my parents and wife for my actual birthday dinner.  Cafe Zinho has been on my list of bookmarks for years and for some reason I had never made it there.  Perhaps it's the lack of a website or the fact that they aren't open on Sunday's or Mondays.  In any case I called at about 2 PM on Tuesday asking if I could make a reservation for 7 PM that night for a party of 4.  I was told that we could and to not forget that it was BYOB.  Our party arrived shortly after 7 PM to find a completely empty restaurant.  So we were given our choice of tables and I ended up choosing us a table right near the open doors.  The inside of cafe zinho is what I would call eclectic although still tastefully decorated.  There also didn't seem to be any air conditioning which was ok since the evening wasn't too hot and we were right near the open door.  For dinner, I decided to start off by having the calamari.  It came in a soup like pot with cous cous and a curry base.  The calamari in it was quite tender and it may well have been the best cooked calamari that I have ever had.  Meanwhile the curry had a good but subtle flavor while the cous cous provided something of substance.  It was the best appetizer that I have eaten in awhile.  Then for my entree I decided to go with the Grand Marnier Duck.  The duck was cooked nicely and had a good crispy exterior.  Meanwhile the sauce had a nice orange flavor and I thought that it was tasty.  Then the accompaniments were a couple of fingerling potatoes and a few other sparse vegetables that seemed to be copied on other entrees as well.  It was here that I would have liked to see the entree improved upon.  While the duck wasn't as good as the calamari had been it still ended up being a good entree.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back to Cafe Zinho again in the future.  I absolutely loved my appetizer and the fact that it was BYOB and thought that my entree was pretty good as well.
The grounds are very nice here, but I have to say the part I loved best was the collection of cars. I've never seen so many antique vehicles in one place. Definitely makes it worth checking out. However. The location is a bit wacky. It's right outside of Wilkinsburg, which isn't a place to visit at all. But still, it is nice enough to check out. Especially if you want to just go have a nice lunch at the cafe.
I am a history fan...so when a friend told me about this I made sure he took me to go see it.  The property is very beautiful... We waited a few minutes and signed in....surprising it was discount day!  The waiting area itself was exquisite and already gave rich history of the property and the people who had lived there. By the time we finished looking it over, our tour guide came in.  She was perfect...very knowledgeable and sweet.  She answered any questions we had and made us feel very welcome there.  She gave us ample time to roam around each room.    The house is amazing and moreso the car collection.  That is free...and a must-see.  Also is you like art don't miss the art collection.
I can't comment on the Art museum, but I did get to see the car and carriage collection as well as the estate. Although slightly hassled by over-enthusiastic docents, I had a great time (though short) viewing the car and carriage collection. There was a much larger variety than I anticipated.  The house was just incredible. Distinctly Pittsburgh on the outside, but easily one of the best examples of homes from that era on the interior. Our guide was interesting, knowledgeable, and happy to respond to questions. We had ample time to explore each room. In fact, maybe too much time. The tour ran on the long side as far as house tours go and I'll admit I got a little antsy by the end. It was also a little chaotic because there were at least two other groups in the house while we were there (I'm impressed if they get that kind of visitation regularly). Nevertheless, I had a great experience and would happily encourage any of the Art museum visitors to head over and take the tour. I might go back, if only because I didn't get a single picture of the place.  Oh, and, if nothing else - thumbs up for the ample free parking. As an out-of-towner, it made it one of the easiest parts of my trip.
A delightful (and free?) way to spend the afternoon. The grounds are beautiful, and the architecture is great, and the nearby Frick Park is a wonderful walk. It is quite a gem in the middle of this city. Didn't tour the Clayton (reservation needed), so can't comment on that building.
It's not large but it is a wonderful way to spend a couple hours on a nice afternoon.  Take in lunch at the cafe, stroll the grounds and check out the greenhouse.  Visit the antique auto collection, which I'm told will be closed for a while for expansion, and see a small but wonderful art collection.  We had a great afternoon.
Want a leisurely lunch in an incredibly beautiful setting without the kids, go to The Frick.  You MUST have reservations.  The food was exceptional and ingredients home grown on the property.  Soups are incredible and desserts are orgasmic.  If you like passion fruit, lilikoi,  I must say they served the best lilikoi cream brûlée.    Fish tacos were fantastic.
Very cool place to visit with lots of history. There is a lot to see and everyone is super nice. 2 of the buildings were under construction but will open later.   I liked the fact that you could walk through the house and most of the rooms. Nothing is behind glass so you can see things up close. All the ladies were nice and knew a lot about the history and answered all questions.   The Degas exhibit is also on display right now so make sure to check that out too
We stopped by today to check out the current exhibit, Impressionist to Modernist: Masterworks of Early Photography.   Upon entering we were greeted by a nice employee who gave us a lot of helpful information about the exhibit, and others available to us.  I was pleasantly surprised that the Art Museum portion was free. It isn't too big, we did everything in less than an hour, but still took our time to read a lot of the info and enjoy ourselves. It was my first time visiting and I found it go be a very nice way to spend an afternoon, especially on a budget.
I have never been here before, but I saw online they were featuring a photography exhibit: From Impressionist to Modernist. It runs until April 19th and the best part - it's free! I love photography and I'm so glad we went to look at the exhibit. The property has other buildings where you can do a tour, but we only went into the main one. As we walked in, there was a rotunda in the middle with tapestries hanging just around the walls. There was a nice lady by the door who explained what was where and how we could get to the other places to view art/house. She was incredibly informative. I definitely loved the exhibit and would recommend checking online for other features. I think their membership is really reasonable and it's a great way to get to know local things around Pittsburgh.
I have spent significantly more time at the Frick Art & Historical Center than I knew was possible this year.  I have written more papers and stared at the 990s for hours.  The Frick is a pretty healthy museum in the financial sense, and they have made and are planning to make a ton of new additions.  The museum and house tour are amazing.  They are beautifully maintained.  The museum is fairly small, four or five rooms.  The paintings are not the most famous by any stretch, but it is still cool to see some originals.  The best part?  It's free!  The house tour is my preference and certain days of the year it is free, though I am not sure exactly which ones.  If you are from out of town, this reminds me of a smaller version of the Isabelle Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston but on a slightly smaller scale, house-wise.  However, the grounds here probably trump the Gardner Museum.  The Model T house is currently under renovations, but you can still check out the bowling alley and gardens!  Even cooler, they use foods and herbs grown in the garden at the newly-renovated Frick Cafe, I hear.  There is also a very small free parking lot.  It is best to get here early if you want to utilize that, but there is some street parking as well.  Not on a major bus line.  The Frick is a super cool place, and for a mid-sized city, this is a true gem!
My family attended the Frick this Friday for a picnic while the grounds were open to the public. It was beautiful...we walked in and saw families scattered on the lawn with big picnic baskets. There were lawn toys set out for kids to play with, twinkle lights strung throughout the space and a cool mix of music playing on the speakers. Nobody greeted us, despite seeing several employees at the entrance. But we still enjoyed every bit of the evening. There were a few food trucks at the entrance, but we packed our own dinner instead. It's nice to have the option though. And another option is the on-site restaurant.   I'm looking forward to returning with a larger group for another Friday and hopefully for one of the First Friday's when there is live music.
While I don't believe you could spend an entire day at the Frick, you can easily spend a couple of hours especially if you are touring Clayton, which is about an hour tour. Admission is required for the tour, but it is free to visit the gardens and the Frick museum. Clayton epitomizes the opulence of the Gilded Age-make sure to check out the Playhouse on the way to Clayton as it is the size of a small house! Start your experience in the Grable Visitor Center. Here you can purchase admission to tour Clayton and browse their museum shop which has many interesting books about the history of Pittsburgh.   Clayton was home to the Frick family from 1883-1905 and is quite well preserved. No photographs are allowed-just an FYI. Touring is only available for the first and second floors, however, you get to see the bedrooms, the kitchen, the library, and the calling room, in addition to the servants quarters. While Frick was an extensive art collector, most of his work is displayed in New York. The family home contains many paintings of the family though. The Frick Art Museum has some of his collection and typically has a rotating exhibit as well. The car and carriage museum is an interesting step back in time as well with items ranging from old Lincolns and Rolls Royces to a winter sleigh. Photos are allowed in this area. There is also a cafe, which I hear is quite nice, however, it is also quite hard to get into and reservations are a must. I highly recommend visiting for the holidays as they attempt to redecorate the home as the Fricks did at the turn of the century. The tree is beautifully decorated this time of year and worth viewing. Also of note, there is a parking lot so be sure to take advantage of the free parking.
This was my first time visiting here and not only did I want to see it's temporary exhibit "Killer heels" but also tour the rest of the grounds. I purchased a membership which entitles me to a free tour of the Clayton house. All I needed to do was go to the visitor's center and sign up for one. Although the museum itself is free if you are not a member then you pay a fee for this tour and also a separate fee to see Killer Heels. I didn't have to pay for that exhibit either since I had purchased a membership. The membership also entitles you to 10% off in both the gift shop and if you dine at the cafe.  They do offer student discounts whether you are in high school or college as well as senior citizen discounts should you choose not to buy a membership. I arrived when it opened and really immersed myself in the Killer Heels exhibit. It was indeed fascinating and very interesting. They do offer some videos. Parent advisory is noted on some of them before entering due to mature elements. I went to the visitor's center and got on an early afternoon tour of the Clayton house which was the home of the Frick family before they moved to NY.  I got to see the carriage house which was very interesting along with the greenhouse which I learned is modeled after Phipps conservatory. They were selling some herbs for Pittsburgh plus but I wasn't interested. The carriage house showed the evolution from the horse drawn carriages in the late 1800s to the first automobiles including the "Stanley steamer."  My tour of the Clayton house was by far outstanding!  They do have specific rules however. No photography is allowed in the mansion and you are not permitted to touch anything. Each room has a "chair" where one can sit if you get tired. Also no drinks are allowed. The tour encompasses both the first and second floor of mansion. The upper floor was the servants quarters and is off limits to the public.  The grounds are quiet beautiful and they are many areas where one can sit and relax and take in the natural beauty of the surroundings. By lunchtime this place was packed with people so I would recommend to arrive early. They have their own parking lot which is free and is easy accessible if you buy anything in the gift shop and want to throw it in your car.  Due to time constraints I was not able to visit the art museum itself but since I am a member will save it for a future visit. The people here are friendly and helpful and will gladly answer any questions you may have about the place and especially on tour. The art and architecture truly amazed me! That along with their special exhibit and my opportunity to dine there (the cafe is reviewed separately) made it a lovely day to see an area that was once part of the our "Millionaire's row" in Pittsburgh.  Looking forward to returning there to see the art gallery and take that Clayton house tour again. Would give 4 1/2 stars in my book.
See below. Originally gave them one star, but they called and offered me an earlier appointment for today. I would have given 5 stars had it not been for the awful scheduling experience referred to below. The service technician was prompt, friendly, and seemed well-trained and knowledgeable. I would use this company again, (and have little choice, because they're the authorized LG service provider) but would be very clear and careful about accepting any scheduling promises. Here's what I wrote just a couple days ago:   I haven't had my appointment yet, so I may well revise my rating if they do a good job, but... I bought an LG washer on November 24, and the very next day I called LG service because it was rocking quite a bit. They referred me to this business, and sent a repair request to them. I immediately called Appliance Repair Service, and they hadn't gotten the request yet, and told me they would call back when they received it. It was Thanksgiving week, so I didn't expect them to come until the following week, but I would be out of town the week after that, and I told them so. They promised to call me and schedule when they got the repair request. Fast forward to December 28, still no call. I called, and they said they had no record of a request, and that they delete them after 4 days if nothing's scheduled! I had to call LG again for another request, and they confirmed that they had issued a request the first time. Somebody at Appliance Repair screwed up, and not only did they not apologize, they were actively hostile. I hope their technical expertise is better than their customer service.
I've been going to Izzazu for almost 5 years, and I have never had a bad experience. i go to Megan, who is delightful and also gives great haircuts.I've never had an extensive wait - I used to be able to get a cut on my lunch when I worked downtown. The only reason I didn't give four stars was the cost. Haricuts are 50 dollars with my stylist which is a bit pricey, but as I've learned, you get what you pay for.   I have noticed complaints from other reviewers regarding coloring service, but I don't color, so I can't speak to that.   Also, they are no longer located on the Blvd of the Allies - they are on 5th and wood now. The new salon space is very clean and beautiful. The location is great if you work downtown, which I no longer do, but they have extended hours, so I'm still able to make it down there on a week night.
I've been going to Izzazu for a very long time, almost 7 years now. I have ALWAYS gone to Cesare and will never stray from him! The first time I went into him, I was 18 years old and had some crazy red, blond and black hair. He really helped me go back to my natural color without damaging my hair (even with color stripping!)   He always knows exactly what I want, but isn't afraid to give me suggestions to liven up my look. He literally does the best color and cut in the city. And believe me, I've done some crazy stuff with my hair with a lot of hair dressers.   The atmosphere is very hip/chic and makes me feel like a celebrity when I go there!  Also, I LOVE their product line. I still only use Izzazu leave-in conditioner, hairspray and dry shampoo, even while spending over half of my year away from Pittsburgh at school.  The loss of one star goes to the attitude at reception. I understand it has compelled people to give them 1 star, but it IS a salon, meant for cosmetic services. You aren't going there for the reception. But, It wouldn't hurt them to smile or be a little less brash.
In sum the service was great, both at the reception area and with the stylist. I was extremely please with the low-lights I requested as well as the hair cut and style. Let alone, the numerous compliments I received from others about my cut, color, and style.  I was admittedly skeptical of buying the Groupon I used yesterday [$65.00 off salon services], given the location that was closest to me was downtown. The address Yelp has listed is their old address. They are now located at 301 5th Ave and have been since October of 2010. My apprehension was due to the downtown location. Not so much parking per se, but loathing a pretentious salon atmosphere. Pittsburgh salons never seem to lack pretension and not surprisingly if you have read my other reviews pretension is something I could not abhor more. Nevertheless, the reception staff and my stylist were very courteous and service oriented. Thankfully, hoity-toity is not a word I could use to describe either of them.  As I have never been to an Izzazu salon before, nor have I asked my friends if they have either, I did not know which stylist to request. When I made my appointment I asked the woman, "who would YOU want to color and cut YOUR hair?" I was told Frank is an excellent stylist and had availability for the time I requested.   Frank was knowledgeable, personable, and kind. He was meticulous and diligent about the low-light placements as well as making sure I have the proper amount of them. Too often, especially when using Groupons stylists hurry through placement and provide them sparsely. But this stylist did not forget the point of businesses choosing to provide Groupons. Provide excellent service, and those new customers will return!   I've read one or two other reviews that commented on dirty bowls and a lack of sanitation. Perhaps I am not retentive enough to write a thorough review. I am not here to nit-pick businesses. Not to say that I did notice my color bowl, it resembled a normal color bowl not dirty or offensive by any means. Perhaps in the past they possessed such bowls and learned the errors of their ways. Or perhaps some people can never be pleased. All I can say, I was not worried about any sanitation concerns.  I highly recommend visiting this salon and requesting Frank. Nuff said.
Rhi colors my hair! Shes fantastic with foils & color!! Always listens to your needs & is enjoyable to talk to!!
Great pizza, and the calzones are huge. Relaxed atmosphere; try the jukebox if you want to hear an old hit. Once, they forgot a topping on our order. They not only fixed the mistake, but they threw in a two liter just for our trouble. Also great for takeout or grabbing a slice at lunch time.
Maietta catered our party and they provided wonderfully delicious food at a great price.  The food was delivered promptly and it was an amazing treat.  I would use them again in a heartbeat.
This is a cool little ice cream stand that has apparently been in this location for quite some time.  Their advertising reach is not very far, but if you get close to them you will see and be inundated by the colorful myriad of amusing bandit signs that are posted.  What caught my eye?  The orange sign that looked like it belonged to a construction company that said, "Ice Cream in 500 ft."  Points for originality and tenacity.    For my first visit, I ordered the following:  Apple Dumpling Sundae Vanilla Ice Cream with chocolate sauce  The associates were nice and quick and I enjoyed my apply dumpling sundae.  It wasn't too sweet and had really good apple and cinnamon flavor.  I really liked the dichotomy and juxtaposition of the hot of the apples against the cold of the ice cream.    A true testament to their popularity is the fact that they still have patrons awaiting their fare when it is 50 degrees outside.  I want to try so much more of what they have to offer.
Best place close to the city for a Dippy cone! I grew up in small town that hosted a Whippy Dip! Every time I see this type of privately run ice cream shop it reminds me of home and lazy summer days with my girlfriends. Riding bikes to the local pool, playing at the beach on lakeside, or causing a ruckus at the Whippy Dip! Oh, sooo serious summer romances... flirting with boys while throwing ice from our slushies was a regular occurrence.  Finally, a warm spring day on the books and the only place I want to go is The Page. The location is so weird! Under this huge bridge away from any greenery or picnic tables next to a low end used car dealer. I suggest grabbing your food and heading elsewhere. There is always some sort of line and it gets worse on the weekend. These guys and gals are pros when it comes to ice cream and will recite all the flavors with speed that you might miss them. It's kind of like the Cheese steak place in Philly. Know your order when you get to the counter, pay, and move OVER!  They have so many flavors of ice cream! The menu is extensive, you can get anything here, brgrs, fries, hot fudge brownie sundae, or a banana split! I will be back all summer!
This is one of many hidden gems here in the Burgh. Check it out, freaky good ice cream, better blizzards than Dairy Queen, shakes that would have Ronald McDonald spinning in his grave if he were dead.   I love Page's dairy mart, and look forward to opening day every spring, then go at least every week on those warm summer nights and have a cone or my favorite, peanut butter chocolate ice cream with butterfingers and reeses peanut butter cups running through it. Then I go run for two hours to burn it off, but it's worth it.  Why four stars? Bad intersection (Carson and Beck's Run) and parking can be a motherbucket.  You're still sitting there reading this? GO TO PAGE'S NOW!
Can't go wrong with this place. We've been here a few times and I always get the same thing (small chocolate ice cream in a cone) but now that I'm reading other reviews, i NEED to switch it up and try something else. Plenty of parking for this sweet little place.
Dear Page Dairy Mart,  Why, oh why aren't you open year round.  Your soft serve is to die for.  Your arctic swirls are divine.  The krunchies are superior.  When the day comes in the spring when you open, this is the best day in ice cream heaven.  But when you close, this is a tragic day for us ALL.  As summer is nearing its end, I wonder, "why are you not open year round?"  Sincerely, J  What to get: twist in a cone with krunchies, pretzel arctic swirl
Damn good ice cream.    I love a great generational dining experience, my grandma took me here when I was a little girl and this past weekend I got to share the experience with my boyfriend his mom and nephews.  I ordered a traditional banana split, but really I wanted to have one of everything on the menu.   The strawberries are real strawberries!!! That alone sets Page Dairy Mart a part from the rest.
Have driven by this establishment many times when I lived in Pittsburgh and in my visits, but I never pulled over to sample the goods. That is until today and it was really good!  Don't be swayed by the lines. The staff is really efficient and move quickly. Prices are reasonable and portions are huge.   Although I was really impressed by the different flavors of soft serve and that they are all homemade, I saw the sign for the apple dumpling sundae so I opted for that instead. My aunt went with a classic chocolate shake.   The sundae is massive and the ice cream was so good, some of the best vanilla that I've had. Only critique is that the core part of the dessert were canned and were too sweet and sugary(- a star)  Even though I don't opt for anything vanilla in life, I think I might squeeze in one more scoop on this trip!
If you never drove down East Carson street, you are missing out on PageDM. Not far from the hopping SSide but in a strange looking spot next to a bridge and at a not so fun corner with a little parking lot.  But the ice cream is to scream for!  Flavored soft serve ice cream, a Yinzburg Sundae,  a vanilla shake with some real vanilla flavoring.  The Original Root Beer Barrel is still in the window!  Delicious.  Cash only.
In my opinion, soft serve is the best kind of ice cream. I love Dave and Andy's, but I have lost many scoops trying to lick my ice cream and it tumbling off the cone and right onto the hot cement of Forbes Ave. (The 5 second rule does NOT apply here!!).   I adore Page's because it has EVERYTHING! It reminds me of home, where I can go to Pappy's in Uniontown or Bill's in Belle Vernon, places you can grab a burger, fries, nachos, a sundae, shake, or cone. Variety is the spice of life!!!  While you're waiting in line, make sure to read the news paper clipping about the root beer barrel DJ J mentioned.  The parking area is weird and difficult in my opinion.
The best soft serve I have ever had. Some flavors are better than others. Of the mint chocolate chip, toasted coconut, and pistachio that I tried last night (what can I say, I was hungry) the toasted coconut was the best. It has real pieces of toasted coconut.  A very good value for your money.  Don't expect to find any seating here.
I visited this place last night on a bike ride, which allowed me to feel less guilty about my small chocolate-dipped cone. I wouldn't call myself a huge fan of soft serve ice cream in general, but the stuff they serve here is so incredibly smooth and creamy! I've been here twice before, and one of these times, I ordered the chocolate chip cookie sundae, which was incredible! The warmth of the cookie and hot fudge, and the coolness of the ice cream was pure bliss. While there last night, I saw a sign in the window advertising a cinnamon roll sundae--guess I know what I'm getting next time!  EDIT: Tried the cinnamon roll sundae, and was given a stale cinnamon roll.  Also, they didn't have maple syrup the day I ordered it, and it tasted weird with butterscotch syrup.  I'll be sticking to the cookie and brownie sundaes from now on.  4.5 stars.
Page's has was a staple of my childhood and young adult life.  There ice cream is great and their prices are good--evident by the line that is always out to Carson St.   I wish they had a tent with seating.  It rains. . .ALOT in Pittsburgh.  Eating in your car is the signature of this place but I wish there was some covered seating.
Page's is a Pittsburgh icon. The ice cream is good, the selection is vast, and the price is right. They have so many different things to try, it's nearly impossible to choose. I'm a big fan of the cookie sundae, brownie sundae, and cinnamon roll sundae. The options at this place are pretty much endless. But sometimes a regular soft serve sugar cone is the way to go. It's better than Dairy Queen, AND you support a local business by going here. What more could you ask for.   I don't know if I would say that Page's has particularly superior soft serve, but it's the experience and variety that makes this a four star place. I do think the ice cream is better than somewhere like Dairy Queen, but not by much. What makes Page's special is wide variety of options and soft serve flavors. It's also the nostalgia that goes along with it. It's a business that hasn't changed much in it's lifetime, and that's what most people like about it. You can count on Page's to be there every March-October. They're going to offer the same treats you loved as a kid for your whole lifetime.  It represents the change of the seasons and brings back memories for people. It means a lot more to people than just a summertime ice cream stop.   For those who have never been there, there is no interior so you'll have to eat in your car or standing outside. I prefer to open the back of my SUV, sit there and enjoy the night while I eat my ice cream. The parking lot is hectic and downright scary sometimes. I typically avoid this place on busy nights just for that reason.   Beware, they only accept cash. But there is an ATM on site!
Page's is one of my favorite places to go for ice cream in Pittsburgh. It is a pretty cheap place to go for the amount of ice cream that they give. I'm a big fan of soft serve ice cream so if you are too then definitely check this place out. Their cookie sundae and yinzer sundae are to die for and can easily be shared among 2 or 3 people. The only thing that I wish they would would do is give out samples of the ice cream flavors and take credit/debit cards. They are known for their ice cream but they also have food (burgers, hot dogs, nachos etc) I personally never tried it. But I'm sure it's good as well!
If you're in pittsburgh, this is a must stop for ice cream. Personally, I get a Southside shake almost every time. It's a milkshake & a sundae. Pretty cool, right? I've had their version of a DQ Blizzard (what they call them, I can't remember right now, sorry) but it was delicious. I got it with chocolate ice cream and Reese's cups. The possibilities are endless, seriously. My bf has had their chocolate chip sundae & the brownie sundae. Their cookies and brownies are both amazing and soft and tasty. They have food also, which I haven't had the opportunity to try at this point but I have heard good things. The prices are more than reasonable. The parking is ample but it's sporadic, kinda just park where ya can, no designated spaces etc. the other down side is that there is ALWAYS a line. Unless it's raining etc. The line gets insanely long but it's almost always worth the wait !
Located beyond the crowded streets of South Side, Page Dairy Mart has been serving soft serve ice cream for over sixty years. The shop is open seasonally and the spring opening is a cause to celebrate, signaling the end of winter and beginning of warmer temperatures. The menu and ice cream possibilities are seemingly endless, from basic ice cream cones to the behemoth South Side Shake: a combination milkshake with a separate sundae on top. Although I've yet to make a dent in the full menu, I recommend going for a classic on your first trip: a vanilla cone covered with jimmies. While the ice cream is tasty (more so than similar chain ice cream shops throughout the city), the main appeal is the offbeat location and the celebratory camaraderie of the crowded parking lot during those long summer nights.   Note: The shop is cash only, although there is an ATM located on the side of the building.
Everyone waits for Page's to open in the Spring and is sad when it closes for the winter. It's a small establishment with no seating, but there is always a line at the order windows. Page's is a Pittsburgh landmark. My family has been going for 20 years but it's been around for many many years.  Page's serves hamburgers, icecream cones, sundaes, shakes, pretty much anything you can do with ice cream . . . and it's all good. One of my favorite's is a sundae made with a Nancy B's cookie. (Please tell me that you know what a Nancy B cookie is!) but sometimes I order just a simple twist.  People hang out in the parking lot and eat there ice cream. They bring their kids and dogs and everyone is chatty and happy. It's a fun place to be.
I've been waiting to try Page Dairy Mart because i live so close, but didnt have access until i recently bought my car.   We stopped in last night for the first time. There are soooooo many options. The menu itself is huge, then all around the windows they advertise even more options!! I couldn't get a good look at the menu because the line was long & heads were in the way. The next thing i know, it was my turn and i still couldn't decide.   I asked if they had a brownie sundae and ordered that. Bobby said he was only thirsty and ordered a banana shake.   I enjoyed my sundae but next time I will try something different that's on their menu. They had so many options for an arctic swirl so I'm looking forward to trying one of those next. Also, the banana split i noticed someone having was gigantic. Also, the ice cream itself on a cone even look delicious. I'm so glad to finally have access here and to live a 5 minute drive away!!
Page's has become my family's go-to ice cream. My favorite is the birthday cake which contains ACTUAL BIRTHDAY CAKE. If you're feeling sassy, ask them to dip it in peanuts. There's always a line and parking can be dicey so bring your bike or compact car! It can also be a pain to get out of this place when there's traffic.
On a busy Saturday night, my friend took me here telling me that the ice cream here is very good. I tried the Yinzer, which contained heath bar, chocolate and white chocolate pieces in a warm hot caramel topping. It was literally the calorie bomb, but I should have expected that; I really felt as if I ate another meal because for the price of about $4.50, the portion was humongous. It was delicious but little too sweet, but I am pretty sure that sweetness was due to the caramel topping and whipping cream. All in all though, this is a good ice cream joint.
This is a nice drive-in ice cream mart which has a wide variety of items including cones, shakes, sundaes, ...  It is at a busy intersection and parking can be tricky and it can be crowded.  The crowded times speak to its popularity though.  With many places to choose for ice cream in Pittsburgh, I come to Page because it serves a wickedly good toasted coconut ice cream.  Well worth the trip even if you have to wait.
The lines are always superrrrrrrrrr long, but well worth the wait. Chocolate chip cookie sundae is to die for! Somehow the keep the cookie super soft, moist, and still warm like it was fresh out of the over. Many windows so line moves rather quickly. Cash only which sucks, but for a few there is an atm onsite
I don't know how I lived in Pittsburgh for five years without trying this place. But I finally did and my life has been CHANGED! I love ice cream and this place is just the best! I love that they have so many flavors of soft serve - I think that sets them apart from many other places. They also have so many unique sundaes and other ice cream treats that I can't wait to try!   I do wish they had bicycle parking - my husband and I rode their bikes down there and it started raining once we were there. There was nowhere to lock up our bikes, otherwise we would have just taken an uber home and come back for them later.
This is a deceptively large Ace Hardware.  I usually only see an Ace Hardware this large when it is in a rural setting.  The owners have expanded through several of the first floors of several adjoining buildings on the Mt Oliver Main Street.  As with many of the businesses open in Downtown Mt Oliver, parking is anemic.  Luckily, if you visit at the proper time you won't have to worry about finding a space since there is a large percentage of vacant spots.  All of the associates at this Ace are very friendly and more than willing to help answer any questions you have.  They don't have everything, but they do have a lot.  And much like Yin and Yang, you can always visit the True Value down the road to find what they don't have.
Excellent food. Superb customer service. I miss the mario machines they used to have, but it's still a great place steeped in tradition.
Yes this place is a little out dated and not opened on the weekend. But other than that the staff is always pleasant and fast to make your order. Which is always spot on fresh veggies on their hoggies and other food. They also have daily specials and ice cream which is really good. I had a banana split they piled the toppings on. They win pennysaver awards ever years i see why.
All the food is great here. But the best thing they have is their wings. Their wings are simply fantastic!!  The "Wet Cajun" are by the best & most popular.  I also like the seasoned salt wings.  Wing Night is Monday & Wednesday night, $0.75 whole wings!  The dining area is nice. Very family friendly! The bar is very nice is well.  This place is truly a Yinzer's dream!!  "Pittsburgh Dad" would love this place n'at!!
This place was DELICIOUS!!  My parents saw a recommendation to visit this place from Rick Sebak's "25 Things I Like About Pittsburgh" and he's usually pretty accurate.  His recommendations were to try the Reuben, Fish Sandwich and Open-Faced Steak Sandwich.  We went early afternoon for a late lunch today (a Saturday) and were seated right away.  The staff is extremely friendly.  My Mom & I each had the fish sandwich, while my Dad & Brother had a Reuben sandwich.  The fish was very good, but the Reuben was to die for!  Both dishes were massive, and could very easily be shared between two people.  On top of being extremely large portions, it was incredibly affordable.  The giant fish sandwich was $8 and the giant Reuben was $7.50.  Our drinks were always filled and we were checked on several times during the meal.  We will definitely be back!!!  Oh and a bit of advice ahead of time - they take CASH ONLY.  So come prepared, but I'm pretty sure I saw an ATM there as well.  And I do believe they are closed on Sundays & Mondays.
Can't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.
This place should have a lot more reviews - but I'm glad it doesn't, they don't need to get any busier.  Its been there ages, and looks it. If you're all about ambiance, don't bother. If you pretend you're in a movie set in Pittsburgh 30 years ago it works pretty well. The service is sometimes hit or miss. Most of girls are good, one is very slow, one is amazing. They are all friendly and usually a few different people will check in to make sure that you're happy. Everything is made fresh so be prepared that nothing comes flying out of that kitchen - busy times it can take a good while to get food.   The food is AWESOME! Worth any little complaints I might think up before it gets there. Once its on the table, I forget them all.  -Fish Sandwiich -Salmon (huge and delicious) -Flounder -Shrimp a few ways ("Norfolk" style is oily for my taste, and I never had it growing up in Norfolk.) -Hawkins St Special -Prime Rib (sized for two, watch it)  The prices are low, the portions are large, and just about everything on the menu  is delicious. I'm not one to pick a place because they give you a lot of food, but if you like a good value and don't want to compromise on taste, this place is a gem.
Old school.....traditional "mom 'n pop" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp. A great out of the way, non-corporate, vestige of Americana. You will love it.
Seen this restaurant on 25 best places in Pittsburgh with Rick Seback ack. Went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner. She's very nice all employees are super nice service was excellent i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the Ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable prices. Going back to try the burgers  i heard there enormous and very tasty.
Good fish sandwich.
After a morning of Thrift Store hunting, a friend and I were thinking of lunch, and he suggested Emil's after he'd seen Chris Sebak do a bit on it and had tried it a time or two before, and I had not. He said they had a decent Reuben, but to be prepared to step back in time.  Well, seeing as how I'm kind of addicted to late 40's and early 50's, and the whole Rat Pack scene, stepping back in time is a welcomed change in da burgh...as long as it doesn't involve 1979, which I can see all around me every day.  And yet another shot at finding a decent Reuben in da burgh...well, that's like hunting the Holy Grail. So looking under one more bush certainly wouldn't hurt.  So off we go right at lunchtime in the middle of...where exactly were we? At first I thought we were lost, driving around a handful of very rather dismal looking blocks in what looked like a neighborhood that had been blighted by the building of a highway. And then...AHA! Here it is! And yep, there it was. This little unassuming building with an add-on entrance with what looked like a very old hand painted sign stating quite simply 'Emil's.   We walked in the front door, and entered another world. Another time, and another place. Oh, and any Big Burrito/Sousa foodies might as well stop reading now. I wouldn't want to see you walk in, roll your eyes and say 'Reaaaaaalllly?'  This is about as old world bar/lounge/restaurant as it gets. Plain, with a dark wood bar on one side, plain white walls with no yinzer pics, good sturdy chairs and actual white linens on the tables. This is the kind of neighborhood dive that I could see Frank and Dino pulling a few tables together for some poker, a fish sammich, and some cheap scotch. And THAT is exactly what I love.  Oh...but good food counts too.   We each had a Reuben, and my friend had a side of fries. The Reubens were decent, but not NY awesome. A little too thick on the bread, but overall, tasty and definitely filling. Not too skimpy on the meat. I seriously CRAVE a true, good NY Reuben, but since I can't afford to travel right now, what I find in da burgh will have to do. But as we sat and ate, burgers came out to an adjoining table. Those were some big thick burgers. A steak went past for the table behind us. That was HUGE! And when we asked about it, the waitress said 'Yeah, it's huge and really good, and he only charges $12.99 for it, ain't that nuts?' Another table of five came in, and wham. Fish sandwiches PILED with breaded fish that looked amazing. Yeah, I want that, that, that and THAT!  My friend also mentioned that they have a Chicken Parm special one day of the week that is only served UNTIL 4 pm, and that it is fantastic. If only I could GET there on that week day before 4...  The waitress did a good job, especially since there was quite a growing crowd at lunchtime on a Saturday, and only one of her. She kept up and was very friendly.   They only have Pepsi products, so I had a brewed iced tea, which was very fresh, and she did pop by to ask about refills as often as she could. As the lunch hour went on, they were getting busy.  Emil's is no frills, good portions, very reasonable prices, VERY comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall...kind of like Cheers, but in a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950's. Fan-freakin-tastic! I could feel at home here.  You definitely want to hit Mapquest or plug in your GPS though. I am not sure that I could find it again on my own...it really is a hidden gem. I will be making my friend take me back until I can memorize where the heck it is.  Addendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich. Excellent. Truly. A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun). The fish was flavorful, the batter excellent, and for just $8. This may have been the best fish sandwich I've yet to have in da burgh.
From reading the other reviews, I see this place was on some top 25 places in Pittsburgh list a few years ago.  I haven't seen it myself, but have known of this place for a while before my first visit in 2013.  It wasn't until my almost 80yo buddy, Mr. Italo Donatucci (world's coolest old Italian dude) brought me one of the best fish sandwiches I ever had that I became hooked!  I've had at least 10 since then, but only during the Lent season.  I gave my 5 rating based on the fish sandwich alone.  Try it without a bun also!  Either way you get 3 nice size pieces of fish equal to a pound.  You can have your choice of sides, but I always get the small mac n cheese for my side.  The staff is always really friendly and service is prompt.  It's in a rough neighborhood, but the Rankin police station is right across the street.  Almost every visit there I have seen police officers inside mingling with the locals or picking up lunch orders.  Soon I plan to make a visit that's not a Friday during Lent to try other menu items.
Emil's is a great place to eat! The prices are VERY reasonable, the portions are HUGE and everything I have ever ordered has been tasty and well prepared. The people who work there are so friendly, as are the customers who eat there. Ample free parking makes it easy to go there. I didn't worry about the area- the police station is right across the street. Don't leave the Burgh without having (1) their fish sandwich, and (2) their Reuben. You will be glad you ate there!
I love everything about this place. The food is delicious (yes yes, the fish sandwiches, OK, I agree -- but DID YOU TRY THE MEATBALLS?? holy tamoley), I adore the staff, and I love that there are no windows -- it's its own little hermetically sealed 1950s world of delicious, real food and good people. Lots of places try to create this kind of ambiance, but it can't be manufactured. It takes decades of good food and good vibes.  Also, the food is really good. :)
I had a hankering for some fried fish tonight and the fish fry at Maximilian Kolbe was going to close before I got home on the bus, and I suggested to my wife and 12 year-old daughter that we try Emil's lounge as WQED's Rick Seback loved the place as did Andrew Zimmern when he visited for the Bizarre Foods America episode featuring Pittsburgh.    The place is in Rankin - a rough around the edges town in the Mon Valley between Swissvale and Braddock.  Don't be put off at first - the outside doesn't have much decoration to speak of and looks like the sort of place that you might think twice about it.  A TGI Fridays it isn't... And thank god for that.  The place is well-kept but a little dated -  no fripperies here.  But we're not here for the Decor - we're here for some dinner.    The menu is basic with reasonable prices.  The meats and seafood are high quality and everything is made to order.  Their stuffed cabbage is regarded as the best in  Pittsburgh.  I love stuffed cabbage but I just made a batch a couple of weeks ago and I'm cabbaged out.  Their Ruebens are   also killer (our waitress raved about them).  My wife and I both settled on fish sandwiches.  These are true Pittsburgh fish Sammiches - fresh fried fish in crispy breading, crammed between enormous pillows of soft, yet chewy and crispy Mancini's Italian bread.  No adornments - just a boatload of hot crispy fish.  Emil's uses thick cod fillets piled high rather than a thin fillet that needs to be broken up to fit in the bun.  Truly a great sandwich.  My daughter had the BLT - looked good and on good bread and they weren't skimpy with the bacon.  The service was very pleasant and friendly and the crowd was a great group of folks.  We all had fun with 4 other tables when my wife pulled up a Trivial Pursuit game on her iPhone and pretty much everyone joined in and had a good laugh.  Overall, if you consider yourself a true Pittsburgher - you must visit this place.  It's one of the few places (Big Jim's in the Run is another) where the spirit of Pittsburgh is alive and hungry.  Please go.
We have been coming here for over 30 years, consistantly good food and friendly staff. Vwey reasonably priced and large portions. The owner, Chrissy has taken what Emil started years ago and built it into a place we will return to again and again. Favorites are the fish and burgers, hard to pick one!
We had gone to the Frick Mansion for a tour and I told my friends we were stopping off for a lunch in Rankin. There wasn't much enthusiasm about the location but the reluctantly agreed.  We stopped in front and my wife said we aren't going in there are we? Well once the order the food and enjoyed the best Reuben,  fish sandwich and stuffed peppers they were sold. The owner came over and thanked us for stopping. She is a real asset to the place. The restrooms were spotless, which important to my wife. I have taken places where she had to hover  over the commode. I went back two days later for the hulushki. A real gem a perfect place to eat real comfort food. Don't forget the liver and onions.
Excellent fish sandwich, Wonderful Reuben Sandwich, even the stuffed cabbage tastes homemade.   Chrissy  Is a delightful hostess and makes you feel welcome.  Restaurant personnel are pleasant.   I really enjoy visiting Emils when I'm in town   My only regret is that they are closed Mondays.   Worth the trip
This is my fourth time but my first review. It never disappoints! Always home cooking, old school like grandma's house. Don't expect ambiance, but if you're hungry and want nice wait staff, (usually family) squeaky clean, great value and generous portions-way more than I can ever finish, Emil's is your place.  Tonight I had a cup of the chicken dumpling soup that was sooooo good! Very obviously home made. I had a side of onion rings that were perfectly cooked, which doesn't sound fancy, but I still couldn't finish. My husband had the chicken parm. Thursday is Italian night. It came with a huge salad, very fresh, an entire loaf of Italian bread, and a generous portion of nicely crisped and tender chicken breasts. Added to that, a side helping of ziti. My husband enjoyed it very much, the chicken was perfectly cooked. I'm a sauce snob, Italian, allergic to with an aversion to green peppers. To me, there was just a hint of green pepper in the sauce so I probably would avoid anything with red sauce at Emil's but that's just my quirk. I've had the stuffed cabbages there, the fried fish, Ruebens, burgers - all wonderful! Emil was and his family is of Serbian decent. Food is love. We love Emils!
I remember the old man 20 years ago eating a giant size hamburger used asked me questions I miss those days food there is spectacular the fish is to die at four if you never been there just put it on your schedule of your things to do and I promise you you won't be sorry.
This is our second time here in two weeks.  We have always liked Emil's, but just haven't been out this way lately.  This is now going to change.  Last week we had the wonderful fish - it has always been good.  Last week we stopped on a Tuesday after golf.  The bartender recommended the special of the day - the Chicken Romano with garlic and olive oil pasta.  It was truly outstanding!  I can't wait to go back and have it again!  The homemade Tomato soup with Asiago cheese was delicious as well.  Thanks Chef Tony!
Chicken Romano (yes, again - it's that good). My husband had the Shrimp stuffed with crab - wow! Love, love! Thanks KK, great suggestions!
I like this course. It's always very well maintained. The carts are in excellent shape, all electric and all equipped with GPS. The greens fees are extremely reasonable and many of the holes are challenging, even if you are a better golfer. It truly has a grand view up and down the Mon, from the Triangle and the Cathedral of Learning to Braddock, the Edgar Thompson Works, Kennywood and beyond. Yet, when you go a few more feet on the cart path, you are in the woods, alone with the abundant wildlife. One caveat- bring an abundant supply of balls. If you golf like I do, one sleeve will not be enough!
2nd time playing here. Was in the area for a bowling tournament so a group of us decided to come early and get a round of golf in. The course is hilly and challenging with readable and fairly flat greens. But, as the name suggests, what a Grand View of both the course as well as the surrounding areas.  Carts are in excellent shape and provide you with electronic scoring and course GPS.  The folks here take pride in their course and take very good care of it.
Challenging but fun course! Bring plenty of extra balls, I am a novice and lost at least 5. Carts are in great condition and remind you to stay on the cart path (sometimes annoying when looking for balls but safety first) and guide you to the next hole. The pro was very nice and patient with our group as we had to delay teeing off for an hour due to parkway closures. Driving range is nothing to write home about but gets the job done for warming up. Beautiful views and lots of variety of length and layout of holes. I'll definitely be back!
Awesome drink specials during happy hour. Fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious, wing night on Tuesday and Thursday!
Grew up near here. the family would always go once a month. Haven't stopped in for a few years until last Friday with a few friends to grab a drink. The sandwiches are always amazing just as I remember. The staff is amazing and friendly. Great place for lunch as well.
Friendly staff, good food, great beer selection, and relaxing atmosphere. Great wings and the buffalo chicken pizza is the best I've had. The sandwiches are all on thick cut Italian bread and fresh. Definitely  a hidden gem of the Greetree/Carnegie area. Looking for a low key hole in the wall with good prices and great food this is your place.
Found this place on Yelp and glad we did. Great beer selection, the sandwiches are wonderful and huge, wings were very good. Family owned establishment and everyone we met was great, the owner, waitstaff and kitchen staff.  If we ever get to The Pittsburgh area again, we will go back!
Fantastic! Great food, excellent beer selection!  Bartenders are great! It is a great hometown neighborhood bar with good people and friendly staff.  The food is a good selection of var type food with large sandwiches.  Excellent wings!
I go here to get away and enjoy a nice drink and great company. The service is always top notch and customer service is awesome. First class management and food.
Awesome experience!   I came in all fatalistic with my flat tire on a workday morning with a full schedule.   They saw me and worked on my car like a NASCAR pit crew.  I was prepared to buy new tires.  They offered to look to see if they could repair.  They repaired them.  I saved alot of money.  #integrity #greatcustomerservice
Our cat went out the other night and must have gotn into a fight. He was wounded but we could not tell the extent of his injuries. My girlfriend called them today and they made an appt for us immediately.  When we got there, I couldn't believe how friendly and caring they all were. We went into the exam room with doctor Tierney Kelley and a vet asst Sam. They were the best. So gentle and caring. They did not pressure us into any procedures that my cat did not need. They worked hard So we didn't have to leave him over night. This was by far the best veterinarian I have gone to in all my years as a pet owner. This has all become a racket for making money. Doctors don't care about the animals in 90% of the places you go, but Greetree animal clinic is not one of those places. I will be taking my other pets there from now on and recommend this place and Doctor Kelly to everyone I know. Thank you so much again if you read this. Doctors Kelley you're the best.
Greentree Animal clinic is the absolute best!  We have had both Dr Mann and Dr. Reuther.  Both are very good, each in their own strengths.  I recently had to have my beloved dog euthanized due to a tumor growing on his hip.  Dr. Mann was very sensitive and caring to my feelings of loss.  He offered to make a clay paw print from my dog after he passed.  He went above and beyond to make sure he had a peaceful passing with me by his side.  Thank you for allowing me that experience, and for guiding me through the process.
I cannot praise this place enough. I have worked as a vet tech in a previous job and have had experiences at numerous facilities here in Pittsburgh and Greentree Animal Clinic blows them all out of the water. Key things that you should note about this place: * They do not over charge * They only recommend services/things that they genuinely believe will help your pet, not their bottom line and they do not pressure you in any way * They are respectful and genuine to you and your pet which is hard to come by nowadays * Everyone from the front desk to the techs, to the vets are kind, patient and understanding. No condescension or poor attitudes, just positive vibes all around.  * Dr Brown goes above and beyond any vet I've ever met. He has shown so much care, professionalism,  kindness and knowledge that I will gladly refer anyone with a pet to him because I know they will be in good hands and his fellow vets (Dr Reuther, Dr Kelley, and Dr Mann)  are just as phenomenal.   Thankyou Greentree Animal Clinic for setting the bar where it should be for all Veterinary Care Facilities.
Beautiful restoration of the library and music hall.   Look forward to coming here for shows.
Great people... great service... great products... always busy
This SnS and the one in Bethel Park are my two favorites.  Staff always friendly and the deli staff in both locations are great!  In my experience, if teen staff don't know where something is, they ask another staff member.  Shopping these two stores is as pleasant as it gets.
My wife recently went to buy 4 "used" tires to replace her balding tires. While there she also got an inspection. The person working only sold her 2 tires that were needed and said her other two were fine. She also had no way home so had to sit and wait for everything to be done. Since she was waiting they did the inspection right away. They had a chance to oversell her products and didn't. I can't think of a better way to promote a mechanic business than by not ripping off your customers because they don't know better. Thank you for your great service and your honesty. The "used" tires are great. We just had a snow today and they did perfectly. The price couldn't be beat either. $180 total for 2 tires installed, inspection and emissions.
I went to Rossi's for my first time, two weeks ago. I had two suits and one jacket tailored. Everything was ready in less than two weeks. These suits were brand new and on the expensive side. I didn't know who to trust them with. I went to Rossi's because a friend highly recommended them. My friend had a tuxedo custom made by Rossi's.   I am extremely happy with the end results!  I wanted a European cut on jackets and no break on the slacks; a nice tailored look. The suits look awesome. I'm going to go through my closet and take some of my older suits to be tailored (some of my older suits are a little looser fitting; I now like the more tailored European look). Juliano (the owner) will shorten the length of my jackets, take the sides in and shorten my slacks. They'll look brand new.  As for the price, I'm very happy. I wouldn't go to the cheapest barber in town (for obvious reason). I feel the same about a good tailor. As for the service, they couldn't be nicer.   Thanks for a job well done!
I want to write the greatest review Yelp has ever seen. I want Yelpers from all across this great land to read this review and think to themselves "I wish I could write a review like this one." This review must be honest, to the point, be the subject of debates and casual comversation. It should be humorous too, not so humorous that it loses it's methodology. It should make you want to go to this establishment and see it for yourself. When you get here, you fall to you knees and scream "It truely is indeed a Mecca"   This review must compel Yelpers from all over the world to come to Pittsburgh to see this attraction that I have  written about. I want people from India, Canada, Mexico, Italy, Germany, France, and even the little countries like Wyoming and Pluto to gather here and praise me to the highest, seat me at right hand of you know who, and sing me the Ava Maria and Bett Midler's version of The Boogie Woogie Bugal Boy.  Once I leave this big blue marble, I want people to remember me as the man who wrote the greatest Yelp review ever. People will bring children to my grave and say to them "you should read his review, for it was the most honest, thoughtful, and heartfelt review ever written. Flawless, it flows like a gentle brook on a spring day." My reviews will be the subject of future thesises, lectures, and studied by philosophers.  And now, without further adeu, my greatest review...  This is a gas station.
If you are searching for a go to fish place for Lent....look no further.  This place will give you the best fish sandwich in Pittsburgh.  The sandwich has enough fish to make four sandwiches.  You will not be able to finish this sandwich in one seating. Enjoy....
This is a great little gem!  On my last visit to Pittsburgh I was looking for a nice bar/pub/lounge to grab dinner and watch a Penguins playoff game.  A friend of mine who lived in the area recommended Rocky's.  As I walked in the door I was pleasantly approached by the server and shown a table. It was clean, welcoming and the lounge was busy. It was Friday night and the special was the fish fry.  I ordered the fish and in the meantime I sipped on a draft brew.  The order was delivered to my table in no time.  The fish and sides were tasty and the portion size was large. As I was watching the game and enjoying the heck out of my dinner I noticed a dessert case with a nice selection of cakes.  Well needless to say I got a togo box for what was left of my dinner and ordered a slice of cheesecake.  Another good choice!  At the end of night the Penguins couldn't pull off the win over the Rangers but I definitely have a new "go to" when I'm in town.  Another star could be added for a smoke free environment.  I don't smoke but I understand they have a nice outdoor area for those who do.
Italian dinners, American, endless soup and salad bar is great. Most food for your dollar. I highly recommend. Great bar. Good place to watch a game. The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings, but it adds to the great atmosphere at Rocky's
To be clear this is not a fancy place by any means. The decor is a little dated and leaves a lot to be desired. The food is basic and simple, but it is delicious. Sometimes simple is better; This is definitely one of those times.
Stick to basics and this is the best place in or around the 'burgh.  First time go with a friend and sit at the counter.  Short order cooking at it's best, it's like a floor show with the actor's backs to you.  Breakfast has no losers.  Eggs, omelets, pancakes, waffles, breakfast sandwiches to order, the ever popular mixed grill, get a 1/2 Louie instead of home fries (although they good as is) and don't forget the italian toast.  Frequently voted the best burger in Pittsburgh for a reason.  As for ambiance, well lets just say I don't think there are two matching plates or coffee mugs in the joint.  But the coffee's good and hot and refreshed often as the service is good, andlocal with many long time folks working here.  If I don't get there for awhile I need to go through detox because I feel too healthy.
Okay, let's first set expectations.  This place is a true DIVE...this is not for the NYC foodie crowd.  If you want a down home, large portion awesome breakfast, this is the place.  The place is packed with happy diners, the server was very friendly in a busy grandma kind of way.  The best part - they have "dippy" eggs on the menu and define the degree of dippy you can order.  For anyone who has never heard of a "dippy" egg - this means sunny side up or over medium where the eggs are still runny and you can dip your bread in them.  The eggs were great - I ordered mine over medium, the breakfast potatoes were fab - no complicated additives like peppers or onions - just plain good potatoes cooked in fat - the best part - the fresh Italian bread.  YUM!!!
I've lived in Pittsburgh for 6 years, and in Carnegie for over 2 years, and by far, this is the best greasy spoon joint I've found. If you can stomach the wait (no reservations, naturally), you'll enjoy overflowing plates of goodness, thanks to the well-seasoned griddle where all of the food is made.   Here are the highlights:  -Cheap: Breakfast for two can be well under $10, with lunch around the same. -Crowded: Get there early and expect to wait. They close pretty early on the weekends too (oddly, at 12:45pm) -Cash only -Huge portions: When ordering fries or homefries, always get the half order, unless you're a lumberjack -About those homefries: They're often undercooked. I've had better, believe me. My favorite things to eat in life are potato products. -My favorite item: hot sausage sandwich on thick Italian toast, with cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayo
Love this place.  Never had a bad meal.  Good portions and great people.  Be ready to stand in line.
My favorite breakfast place.  Have good sandwiches also.  Stopped again for Bfast and had the mixed grill--get the small portion unless you are a real MAN!  Mixed grill has sausage, (could it be Ricci's?), eggs, onions, and home fries, soooo goooooooood!  Use Mancini's bread for toast, got the raisin toast - Yum.    Have had many other items and just love the food.  If you like to watch a true cook, sit at the counter.  Banter with the cook and staff and patrons is fun!  Lunch is good, sausage sandwich, hamburgers and other lunch meats fried on the grill.  Gets busy for Bfast so you may have to wait.  Remember it is a diner.  Don't expect fancy decor.
Just left grab n eat, the food was awesome and the service was great.  Tiny place with a friendly atmosphere.  The homemade italian toast is wonderful.  I suggest the mix grill with a side of sausage, which is homemade.
Great breakfast place. Come hungry. Look for Dick, my dad, and Gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi. Try the mixed grill (half).
BEST DINER IN THE COUNRTY!!! We've been to many famous diners across the country and we still give  Gab and Eat the best rating !! I was a little intimidated when I first walked in and there was like 2 pounds of butter just sitting on top of the homefires on the grill.  If you are looking for a healthy breakfast they probably can accomodate you, but Everything I ate was clearly the opposite of healthy.  After trying like every meal they have I would recommend the mix grill(half unless you are sharing) adding cajun seasoning with the texas toast.  Burgers are great too.  It's hard to find a place that makes a better breakfast than you could make by yourself at home, but this place does it.  The atmosphere is classy, old school Americana.
Best French toast ever!! Love the friendly atmosphere, and especially the breakfast. Never been disappointed. You have to try French toast with raisin bread too... yummy!
Great Diner!  Their breakfast is the best in the area!  Lots of  choices and always good.  Love the unique mugs they use for coffee and all the writing on the wall.  Get there early otherwise you will not get a seat!  They have homemade hot/sweet sausage and texas toast.
Readers of my reviews may recall that I once referred to The Dor-Stop as possibly the best breakfast in Pittsburgh.  Well, faithful followers, I must now admit that The Dor-Stop has now been verified as only one of the best.  Why?  That's because Gab and Eat I have now found to be THE best breakfast I've ever had.  If it was closer to my home I would quickly become a regular.  I easily decided to order the Mixed Grill (Half).  Before I go on, I must ask...has anyone seen a full order?  Because I honestly can't imagine how much food that is.  I created my own with bacon, cheese, eggs and potatoes.  Based on reviews I also opted to get a side of the sausage and was pleased as punch when our waitress asked if I wanted hot or sweet....or one of each.  I like variety, so I jumped on the change to try both.  I also selected the Italian toast - what other kind is there, really?    When my food arrived, it looked delicious.  There was so much bacon that after eating half of my Mixed Grill it looked like I'd barely started.  The sausage was great, just don't ask me which one I liked best.  My toast?  4 thick slices that looked to be about half the loaf and were buttered on both sides. It was a struggle, but I was determined to enjoy every tasty morsel and not leave a crumb.     In case anyone is wondering, yes, they use real butter.  I saw pounds of it stacked in the kitchen with my own two eyes.  The wait staff was quick and efficient as well as helpful and friendly with our larger group of 9 people.  The fact that none of the plates match and I noticed a sign at the front register that said, "We need mugs" just makes me love this place even more.  A few tips: 1.) Order the Mixed Grill.  2.) Cash only!  3.) Gab and Eat is a popular place but also very small and narrow (or cozy if you will).  I recommend going during the week when they are still busy but can accomodate a group.  That way you won't feel rushed or crowded.  4.) Get to Gab and Eat ASAP!  You'll be glad you did!
Classic breakfast joint.  Grimy looking hole in the wall located on one end of a seedy looking strip mall.  Window is opaque due to the grease so you can't hardly see inside. On the outside, there are about a dozen people waiting to get in.  When you finally do get inside, you see that there are 15 tables and a counter, all occupied by people from all walks of life.  What's the attraction behind this flea hole?  The FOOD!  Lots of it and dirt cheap.  I sat at a vacant stool behind the formica counter and ordered the mixed grill.  Potatoes, eggs, sausage, bacon and Italian toast.  A giant mound of food guaranteed to sooth any hangover.  I swear the full mixed grill had two pounds of food.  Neat thing is that the grill is right in front of you so you can see your potatoes and eggs frying in a pool of fresh grease.  All that food, plus coffee and tip for around ten bucks.  Cash only, so put that plastic away.  Only bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the Food Network or Travel Channel will make this place famous, and then I'll never be able to get in.
Best breakfast spot in the area, If you like diner food it is the place to go. Small, so you will want to avoid the church crowd on Sundays, but the wait is never too long.  Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for a while.  If you are feeling like lunch food go a little later, their burgers are made on the breakfast griddle and are delicious.
I always love a good diner.  Gab and Eat was just what we were looking for on a Saturday morning.  Good food.  Great people. Pittsburgh ambiance.   This place is obviously a beloved neighborhood gem.  I had french toast and bacon.  The french toast was made with the best Italian bread.  My fiance had what they called a 'mixed grill."  It consisted of eggs, peppers, onions and home made sausage.  Not something you would eat everyday, but he loved it!   They also had great coffee.  They actually ground up the beans in front of us.  Now that's fresh.  We want to return sometime for "turkey day."  Apparently they made fresh turkey every Tuesday.  Now that sounds good!  Can't wait to return.
This is exactly what a breakfast place should be like--comfortable, quirky, unpretentious and with inexpensive, large portioned working class breakfast plates.
On our current road trip of baseball, brews, hockey and diners, we decided to try Gab & Eat based on yelpers rating putting it #1 for breakfast in Pittsburgh area. We have to agree with most other reviewers that this is a place to eat. We arrived around noon on Saturday and were happy there were a couple open tables. The place is tucked at the end of a strip mall and you have to look to find it. There is plenty of parking. Inside the decor is quaint and funky at the same time. Country style decorations and signs are mixed with nostalgia signs & posters. Most interesting are all the signatures and comments written on the wall by past customers. We regretted not having a marker to add ours. The other highlight was three large white boards with trivia questions - fun way to spend time waiting for food. The waitstaff there is...uh, experienced. They are attentive, pleasant and efficient. After reading reviews I had to try the Mixed Grill. But S went with pancakes with a side of bacon. The pancakes were outstanding...maybe the best either of us has eaten. They were thick but with light texture and rich flavor.  His bacon was cooked just as requested - as crisp as possible - and very flavorful. The Mixed Grill is a mixed together concoction of eggs, potatoes, onions, peppers, cheese, and spicy Italian sausage grilled together. I'm glad I heeded those who stressed going with the half size order. It filled a full sized dinner plate with a heaping order. I couldn't finish it all and that's rare. How do they serve the whole potion -- in a trough? Everything was cooked well. The sausage added a nice bite to offset the somewhat plain potatoes. You can build your own mix but the basic was a good mix. My only complaint was the amount of potato and that they are pretty plain. I like home fries with lots of seasoning that have aged on the grill. These potatoes were pretty uniform chunks with little seasoning. Personal preference. It usually comes with Italian toast but they were out so I went with raisin. It was delicious soft inch thick slices. Coffee was excellent and the cup stayed full. The total was less than $15. Fabulous value for the quality and portions. While I can't say it's the best breakfast in Pittsburgh (only here 3 days), its the best so far and one of the best we've had.
This is a perfect example of what a breakfast diner can be: excellent breakfasts in huge portions for cheap. I had the western omlet and will be getting it or another omlet again soon  The coffee was good, totally serviceable diner coffee. The waitress was wonderfully friendly and hopping around from table to table. The food was excellent. The ambience was exactly right for a diner. It was packed. The wait was not nearly as long as I was expecting. 10 minutes maybe.  Totally recommended. Come hungry.
Wow! Read the great reviews and I was not let down. Huge portions. The mixed grill was THE best breakfast I've ever had. If you go to Pittsburgh it is a must eat. Service was superb. Friendly staff. Led zeppelin on the walls. .....what else could you ask for?
I have been coming to Gab n Eat for almost 20 years and They have never let me down. I get a typical breakfast if eggs, ham, toast, and home fries. Delicious as usual. The ambience however is usually lacking. The walls are dark, with writing and signatures of semi famous people all over the place. Pictures of local people hang on the walls(i secretly want mine up there) along with posters galore. While its fun to look at the first 10 times, it gets a little boring after awhile. So today when I arrived I expected the same old experience. Wow was I wrong! As soon as I looked at the door I knew something was different. The place seemed lighter and brighter. To my pleasant surprise, they painted and got new counter tops!! They're not quite done yet but the place has a new Happy vibe to it. The awesome breakfast, the new decor and the 5 guys sitting at the counter making me laugh are why I will be back( maybe for lunch).
A gem. The coffee cups are mismatched . The owner is three feet away from me cooking. The sausage is made for them locally. And the food is frickin awesome. I had the pancakes, my daughter had the sausage and egg sandwich.  Cash only.  Friendly service.
Excellent breakfast and lunch menu. Friendly staff and super food. Modest environment with excellent food. Worth the wait.. dont miss this one.  Best breakfast and lunch food in the Pgh South Hills hands down.
What a find! I stopped in here for breakfast while in town for business. The service is so friendly I thought I was down south. The service was quick, frankly and felt like I was with family.  Fantastic poached eggs, Cajun homefries and crispy bacon. Gab and Eat is definitely a place I world recommend to locals. I was stuffed and the bill was only $8.00.
Been coming here for a decade or so whenever my wife and I get the chance, and have NEVER been disappointed!  The perfect blend of non-chain-tightly-packed ambiance,friendly older waitresses who have been there since I started going, cheap for what you get prices, and food with taste and amounts that "Aunt Bee" would be proud of.  Never had anything that wasn't hot,freshly made before my eyes,and down home "gooooooooooood"' as Andy might say.  As my wife and I agree,this "joint", has been for some time now the overall gold standard by which our eaten out breakfasts have been measured against!  One visit...and you will be a believer, and most times I've been there the owner is cooking at the grill herself.
A fine breakfast joint. You gotta love the small diners. Highly recommended.
Gab n Eat is the best breakfast in Pittsburgh and always a treat.  We went there around 11:30 which brought up the lunch. Vs breakfast debate. I saw another customers soup and knew i would have to try it. The soup was a  Lobster Bisque and it was amazing.....creamy deliciousness. I could have had a quart of it. Yum!  I ended up ordering the create your own mixed grill. (When at Gab n Eat. You have to order the 1/2 grill) I had mine with bacon. Bacon was crisp and delish. and M ordered the regular mixed grill. We also shared an order of potato pancakes. They even brought us 2 sides of applesauce and sour cream. The pancakes could have been a tiny bit crisper, but still very good.
Great food, great service, and a great "diner" atmosphere.  It's the kind of place that allows you to decompress and enjoy good conversation with friends.
One of my favorite breakfast stops in Pittsburgh! Can't beat the hometown feel of this place. Always had great service.
One of those places you only hear about from a friend...tucked in a strip mall...only open for breakfast and lunch. The local atmosphere surpasses the food and that's a helluva compliment.    Mixed grill is the choice for breakfast.  They will mix and match meats and how you want your eggs along with toast.   Their burgers are up there with the best in Pittsburgh.   A hidden gem. Don't miss it.
THE best breakfast place BY FAR. I never even liked breakfast food until trying their eggs and French toast.
Great greasy spoon!  Arrived early, around 7:15 am on a weekday. Had no trouble finding a seat. Just as we were sitting down, a waitress asked if we wanted coffee. Of course, and how lovely!  We had a couple of questions about the mixed grill sizes because we didn't want too much, as the reviews here stated that the portions were huge. The waitress was super nice and answered all of our questions. We ended up splitting the half-sized mixed grill, and it was PLENTY!  Great diner quality, but I think I'll try the same dish without the cheese next time-it was an American cheese, and I don't think the grill needed it.   Coffee was always hot, and service was so quick! This place is a hot spot!  Cash only - be prepared.
Wonderful omelets, coffee, and staff! The prices are great and the food is prepared quickly! Veggie omelet with cheese is my favorite!
A lot of food for a great price. Been eating here for years. They only take cash so make sure you stop by the ATM on your way there!
They have done it again! Excellent little establishment with their home town feeling. Mix match coffee mugs, smiling waitresses, open front diner kitchen feel. Went in there In the mood for lunch while my date was craving breakfast. It's a seat your own kinda establishment, so we found a table at the very far back, sat down and were greater right away and asked if we wanted coffee to start out mornings. Agreed and both cups were promptly filled and re filled as the meal went along without hesitation. I ordered the hot Italian, had fried salami and Bologna on it with cheese, dressing, and lettuce.... Bun was a smidge small for all the goodies in it but what's to complain about there?  My Date got the bagel sandwich and "Hey Rayed" it (adding breakfast potatoes and cole slaw) it was amazing and large enough that she now has lunch as well. I also got a cup the chicken poblano soup, pretty fantastic! Always a great place to travel to, always a good story to listen to when ya strike up a convo with the locals, always great and friendly. Highly recommend!
This place is great. Best ham and cheese inlet I've ever had! Their burgers are also delicious. Nice flat-top crust on the burger. I only wish they were open for dinner too!
This place is by far the best place for breakfast....but today...I decided to get lunch. {Only because it was lunch time...but they do serve breakfast at this time, too.}. I got the turkey club on wholewheat...OMG...it was delish.  Too much for me to eat because it came with a large plate of home made French Fries.  If you are really hungry and don't count calories...make a stop here.
My favorite breakfast joint of all time. Awesome coffee, pancakes, waffles, sausage...you name it. The service is what you'd expect it to be. :) love love love this place. You will more then likely have to wait for a seat on a weekend. Well worth the wait.
Cheap and delicious breakfast! I know it's strange to say, but they make the best toast. I typically do not eat my toast at breakfast, but here, it's my favorite part. I either get the ham and half waffle or ham, Italian toast and 1 egg scrambled. The wait staff is very casual and friendly. Just be prepared to go for the food, not the atmosphere.
This is our favorite breakfast spots.  Fast friendly service. You get more than what you pay for. Awesome!
Barb's Country Junction gets a 5 star rating for me because it is truly everything that a Pittsburgh restaurant should be.  In addition to being the apple of my nostalgia's eye, it is also the constant thought of my tummy when I'm hungry on the weekends.    Barb's breakfasts cannot be beat, but truly any meal you get there you won't regret.  Everything is made to order, with fair portions, and great prices. My recommendation is a breakfast sandwich on a bagel and a coffee.  There's nothing better than drinking from a cup that could have come from your grandma's kitchen.  I know that Gab N Eat is nearby, and Barb's can be a little weird get to with the strange traffic pattern but this really is a gem of Carnegie that you've gotta try!
Great little place. Treats you like a local.Eaten here 3 times a week for a month.  Same overtime. Barb is always here.
This is a great place to eat and everyone is so friendly. I live right down the street from here but unfortunately, I have only gone a once. Trust me, I will go here more often. The food is great, prices are low, and the staff are friendly. My cousin and I wanted a place to eat and catch up and this was perfect place. I will go here more often.
We go to Barb's every weekend and have for the past 3 years. The food is great,  the prices are better, and the coffee is the best! Try the barb wire omlette or the chocolate chip pancakes!
I love this place ! Barb is such an amazing person ,so down to earth and everything is homemade !
Tonya is super sweet and the front desk people are very helpful
Visiting from California I stayed in Motel 6 for two days and i was not happy with it. Motel 6 didn't even had a shampoo. My boyfriend encouraged me to stay in this hotel where i can cook instead of spending money at restaurants. Only regret i have is i should have stayed here instead of motel 6. I was able to stay 1 night 2 days. And i honestly loved it. They even had iron and board that was useful. They also gave me military discount.
I have said it on other sites and will repeat here. You MUST try their burgers. They are juicy and delicious with a bun that is perfect. Another must are the fries with Guinness gravy and if you haven't had enough go for the ultimate sleeper, Leek and potato soup. Authentic black & tans. Harp and Murphys on tap. It don't get no better. This is a true gem my friends.
New to area and decided to pay this shop a visit! It was definitely the best experience I've ever had with a tailor. He is MUCH cheaper than the other shops, he charges 10 while others charge $15, and he goes above and beyond for what he charges.  I dropped off 4 jeans, and he hemmed and tapered the jeans! I couldn't even tell the difference between the store bought jeans and the quality of his work. It was absolutely perfect, no bulges or puckers! They the match the exact stitch as the factory.   Absolutely a great guy, they were all done and waiting for me as promised! I'll definitely be taking all of my business to this place, and would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a personal tailor who actually cares about his work and building an honest business.
I needed alterations done to my suit very quickly. Like three days quickly. Not only did Filberto at Alteration World have it ready, the price was beyond reasonable and the work was EXCELLENT! I plan on bringing all my clothes to him from now on.  Oh and he let me know that they also dry-clean. Wonderful shop!
This is the best alteration place I have been to. The guy that owns it is extremely helpful and works FAST. Also, the prices are so reasonable I wonder how he stays in business. He was able to do an alteration on short notice and was very acommodating. The alteration I needed done--and fast--was right in the middle of prom season. All the other places I called gave me a several week wait, but he took me right away. I will be back!
I just needed a broken zipper replaced on my favorite Penguins fleece jacket and a pair of suit pants hemmed.  The price was very reasonable and the work done was great.  I will go back for all my tailoring needs and highly recommend if you need any done.
So happy I found this place! I'm new to the Pittsburgh area and wasn't sure if it was worth driving to Carnegie to come here, but Yelp convinced me. It was completely worth the trip! Since it would have been a long trip to come back, the guys at Alteration World finished my work (patching a hole on a pair of jeans) in less than half an hour (I killed time at an adorable coffee shop across the street) and exactly as I had specified. Oh, and the price was extremely reasonable as well. Thanks Yelp for another great find!
My bridesmaid dress alterations were perfect. I would not hesitate to come back for alterations or dry cleaning.
The service, quality, and speed of Alteration World are incredible! I have had suits and pants altered here and have been thoroughly impressed by the work. Everything has fit perfectly and the work was quality. I will be returning here exclusively for my tailoring needs and have referred many customers already. If you need anything altered (or even something custom made), do not hesitate to go to Alteration World.
It's deep fried garbage....it's LOS c'mon what do you expect.....however I have never had better, friendlier service at a fast food restaurant.
All I need to say is that my 6 year old could not wait to see Dr. Weinberg and her staff! Not only are they professional and kind,  they have made my child have a life time of good oral health care!  This busy mom loves that they can provide two appointments, at the same time.  I can't imagine having a better family dentist!
Just moved to the area and needed a dentist after getting my front tooth chipped playing hockey.  She did an amazing job at fix my tooth and cleaned up the front teeth while doing it.  I was able to get in and have my tooth fixed within a few days of it happening.  I've gotten a few fillings as well after my chip was fixed.  The doctor is great and so are the staff.  I would recommend going here.
I had gone here years ago and hated it. The doctors weren't very nice or caring. However, I wasn't happy with my current vet and decided to give the place another chance because I saw that all of the veterinarians had changed and the location is so convenient for me. I'm so happy I did! The doctor was great. We saw Dr. Martinovich after we adopted our new dog. She was so wonderful with him. She clearly loves animals. She was gentle with him and very thorough. The cost was higher than I had hoped but for the experience, I didn't mind. I will absolutely go back and plan on taking both of my cats here at some point as well. Very pleased! Great place. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- UPDATE: Every single time we have gone to this place we have been satisfied. Seen quickly and gotten great care for our pets. Dr. Lasota is wonderful! We won't ever be going anywhere else if we can help it!
I love their stakes and i come here every week just to get the t bone steak, it is completely delicious!   Great atmosphere, there is always a lot people and the waiters are nice; food portion is great as well!
Perfect time with hubby, after work which is 4 am and you can still have a hot nice meal, waitress was such an adorable girl. Her arm was broken or smth but she still dis a great job! Strawberry lemonade was just smth i have been craving for for so long but did not know what it was :)  Strawberry milkshake, nachos and t bone steak is smth we never stop ordering! Its always nice when u go late at night like us, it is not crowded, not noisy, nice music playing and always nice people around.  If you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say Denny's!
This location never disappoints!! Food is always consistently great, and if you come at the right time, (witching hours) you may see the cook singing and dancing along with the music in the back. And it is awesome! ! Love this place!!
Excellent food , good service too I have had several different dishes here and all have been excellent
I like the food at Denny's more than meals served at pricier restaurants. My favorite is the Bourbon Chicken Skillet. Even though it isn't advertised as being gluten-free, it doesn't have any ingredients containing wheat- just chicken, potatoes, and broccoli in a yummy Jack Daniels sauce. Both Eat n Park and Max and Erma's have gone downhill in the past few years, but the food at Denny's has gotten better.
This is the best Denny's in the area. Friendly, fast, good food. Other Denny's pale in comparison to this location.
As a member for now 8 years I can honestly say, I have never had a negative experience at Amerifit!  The owner and staff could not be more accommodating and strive for member satisfaction.  The owner not only runs the business but personally fixes machines when needed, interacts with the members, and also personally salts and plows the parking lot when needed in the winter himself.   There is another review on here stating the lot didn't have any attention after which was the largest ice storm we've had in years. I would like to state I was sitting by the counter the day this lady came in upset and unnecessarily yelling at the front desk employee about the lot.  The owner was out there every couple hours doing the best he could to tame the condition of the lot. However on that day I believe everyone's car on the road turned into a snow sled including my own.  If you truly felt in danger being on the roads that day, you probably should of just stayed at home or a work. I love the fact the owner takes pride in his business and is extremely hands on with the maintenance of the building.  Amerifit has such a welcoming, no intimidation, home-like feel which is what I believe makes this place so special and unique and has kept my loyal membership for the last 8 years.
I brought my husband and my parents all to Papa J's last time my husband and I were in Pittsburgh. My parents are really picky about their italian food, usually they drive places in east bumf*@ (tarentum, ligonier...) to get their capital I-talian.  My pop is kinda grumbly, and getting him to try something new is like pulling teeth. The only reason I got him here was becuase they were on their way to drop us at the airport.  Well, my dad goes back now regularly and that says a lot, considering he lives in Murrysville.   The first good sign Dad was happy was that he seemed impressed when it was open- it was noon a few days after Christmas. Second good sign was that Dad ordered wine, at it was only 1 pm. Dad, while not a teetotaler, rarely has a drink before 5 pm so I know he was anticipating a good meal. The kicker was that he was so happy he left our waitress a $20 tip on a $50 meal.   Can I say, I live in Texas now and I still relive this afternoon back in December? I had chicken picatta...it was perfect. My dad had eggplant rollatini, my mom had a pizza, and my hubby had basic pasta and marinara. It all was amazing, delicous, and inexpensive. In Austin, you can't get a decent italian meal, much less a decent italian meal for under $50 for four people.  I know there are so many good Italian places in Pittsburgh but I just think back so fondly on this day...when me Dad liked someplace I took him :)
Papa J's is by far my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, my hometown.  I eat there almost every time I visit, and everything I've ever ordered has been fantastic.  Fresh ingredients, simple preparation, reasonable prices.  Also, they make the best pizza in town HANDS DOWN.
This place has been a favorite for 20 years since we returned from a trip to Italy having several weeks of fabulous fresh food, and couldn't think of any place we wanted to eat. Papa J's measures up to our expectations with great salads, bead and wine. I'm partial to the eggplant rollatini and my husband likes samplers, ravioli, fish, white pizza. I like the space with exposed brick walls-there are knowledgeable servers. Sometimes it is a bit loud- more noticable when it is empty with a large table nearby. But don't get the wrong impression -it's a great place-consistantly great food.
Great, authentic, classic Italian restaurant in one of the most unlikely places.   I grew up eating here and make a visit nearly every time I come to town.  Try the fried calamari "Roman Style" for a little kick!
What a wonderful surprise found in Carnegie PA, just south of Pittsburgh.  I was in town on business with a couple co-workers and after having a not so great meal the night before, we asked one of the locals for a recomendation.  They told us to try this little Italian place called Papa J's and boy did they send us to a great place.  First off, when you walk up to the place, the front and side windows give you a fantastic open view into the kitchen from the outside.  You can stand outside and watch the chef making all the wonderful food and you can smell the fresh bread before you even walk in the door.  I am not sure how long this place has been around but the kitchen looked well used, while the dining area as well as the bar looked very clean and modern, almost as if it had been freshly updated.    The server was quick to welcome us and suggested several different items off the menu as his favorites when asked.  The three of us were very hungry and wanting to try a few different things, so we began with a Margherita pizza which was absolutely perfect.  They obviously make their own breads and dough for the pizza and I don't think this pizza could have tasted any better.  Then came bowls of Italian wedding soup which was pretty good.  Of everything there, this was the one item I probably could have done without.  Not that it was bad, but there was nothing particularly special about it.    We also ordered the Garlic Rolls (not that the bread they already give you and the pizza was not enough carbs for 1 meal) and they were to die for.  Crunchy on the outside and warm and chewy inside, these things were a meal by themselves.  One of the guys with me said the pizza sauce would be good on them so he ordered a cup of the pizza sauce (which is fresh made there, not out of some can) and he was right.  As if these little killer bread balls with garlic were not good enough, dipped in the pizza sauce they were even that much better.    By the time our meals came, we were all pretty full, but we pushed on and continued to eat.  I had the Veal Parmigiano which was tender and very good.  It came with a side of pasta which I tasted just to try and it was excelent as well.  Had I not been eating a weeks worth of carbs in one sitting with all the pre-meal stuff, I certainly would have finished it.  As it was, I ate most but not all of the generous portion of veal.    One of my co-workers had the Chicken Picatta which he said was one of the best he had ever had and the other guy tried a pasta dish which he said was very good as well.    They had a great wine selection as well at reasonable prices by the glass or bottle.  Overall a fantastic experience with great food and atmosphere.  I don't really know how expensive the area is for food, but coming from the Chicagoland area, I fouknd this place to be pretty reasonable.  The three of us ate very very well for an average of aproximately $30 each not including alcahol.  Fantastic fresh food at a reasonable price, who could ask for more.  My only complaint is that I had to return to Chicago and I am now craving to return to Papa J's.  I hope work sends me out here again sometime soon!!!
Delicious!  Everything I've ever had here was great!  The white pizza is a MUST!  Always amazing!  I'm also a big fan of the chicken piccatta.  The bread that they bring to the table is delicious too!  They have a wide variety of selections on the menu and they also have nightly specials that always sound great!  Their prices are also reasonable.  Overall, I highly recommend this place!
2nd times a charm. This place was 3.5 starts the first time I came, but stepped up large tonight.  Waitress was righteous and very fun.  Food was all excellent.  Caesar salad tasty--got with tomatoes big $ on that, fettuccini carbornara with bacon n smoky cream flavor.  Can't wait for the leftovers!!  The white pizza is that star though.  The crust/dough is heavenly and the flavor is top shelf.  I don't throw those accolades out easily, especially on pie, but this joint serves it up.  Good vibe, great service, phenomenal food.  Ill be back.
I love this place! The food is always so fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly, as well.
It was just what we were looking for. The service was great. My husband had the veal sausage on green pepper appetizer in the larger size. It was great (spicy) and enough for a meal. I had the stuffed eggplant. That was very good but the sauce could have been a bit heartier. I would definitely go back. Really nice atmosphere and free parking in the back.
Some of the best chow around--love this place. The bread and salads and soups are great.
Finally, great Tuscan-style Italian food in Pittsburgh, not that tasteless stuff that locals think is Italian.  The bread was warm and fresh. The bolognese sauce was creamy and rich, and unlike most restaurants was made with veal. I love the fresh smell of baking bread throughout the restaurant.  I'm looking forward to working my way through the menu of chicken options, and next time, I'm saving room for dessert! The display of cakes and pastries at the door was amazing.
Wonderful food. Some items a little over priced. But never disappointed.  I have friends that LOVE the white pizza. I have seen two people eat their weight in the stuff.  I love their fresh salads. HUGE. The house dressing is perfect every time. We have been there many times and it just doesn't get old.  We always have the beans and greens. The meatball appetizer is superb. By-pass the chicken parm, it's the only thing we have ever found lacking....it's just really plain. The alfredo is excellent.  We, almost never go anywhere else in Carnegie because we like this place so much.
We came to Carnegie to check out the Black Lamb consignment shop. Lucky for us that we also discovered PaPa J's--we loved it! The fried calamari appetizer was excellent, as was the fettuccine carbonara. We'll be headed back to this place as often as we can for a real Italian dining experience.
This is it. My favorite in the Pittsburgh area.   I moved out of the area for 10 years and this was the first meal I had back. There was a table of Italians speaking Italian behind me - how much more authentic can you get?!?  I bring all of my out of town guests here and not one had been left disappointed. My recommendations are to order the mozzarella carozza (or however it's spelled) and then one of the specials. If you aren't into a special, you'll be fine - order off the menu. But the specials are typically amazing.   When my better half was living 4 hours away, he drove into town and I made him get back in he car to go here. Instead if complaining, he asked if we could take his parents next time.
Yummy Yum, Let me get me some.  This place rocks!!! Went here with the wife and had a great dinner.  Portions are very generous and the food is delicious.  Be prepared to pay top dollar though for the entrees, but they are worth every penny!
Great restaurant. Had the Eggplant Parmesan and it was very good. Bradley was our server and he was on top of things all the time. Prices are reasonable and the decor is inviting. Can't wait to go back.
One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh!  Reasonable prices & delicious food.  Only one weird quirk - they don't bring the delicious fresh bread until you order - but it is complementary (sometimes they will if you ask nicely, but it doesn't come automatically).   Everything is super fresh - my friends & I always order a salad or two as a starter (they are huge & don't offer side portions) - I strongly recommend the panzanella salad.    Then, any of the pastas. Seriously, they are all good!    If you remember to save room for dessert - the cakes are all GIANT!  Definitely enough to share (probably with a large table).
A large group of us have enjoyed an excellent dinner for the past three years and each year it gets better and better.  We order entrees from all areas of the menu. The bread and antipasto are exceptional.  Attentive and friendly staff with strong knowledge of the menu.
What a class act!  Feels like a restaurant right in Italy.  Beautiful linen draped, candlelit tables with a selection of dining areas.  Extensive menu.  Wonderful wedding soup, obviously house made.  Every entree in our group was superb.  Chicken and pork dishes wonderful.  Pasta cooked properly and great sauce.  Wait staff were neatly well dressed and extremely cordial.  This restaurant is a must!  Had a great Pecan ball and luscious yellow cake for dessert.
5 Stars. It's that good. Freshly made, and you can taste that it is. The pasta alfredo was made to order. It was so delicious, I think they used the pasta water to make the sauce, incredible. Reasonbly priced. Clean atmosphere. Knowledgable server, thank you Patrick. We had a great dining experience.
Always a treat to have dinner at Papa J's ! Been going there for years and the quality is always the best. Always proud to take new peeps to savor the menu delights! Michael from Mt. Lebanon.
Thought it was awesome... first time I've been there and with most of the family...16 of us... they accommodated us well... The sever was very knowledgeable and was fast... as expected since such a big party... Food was great although I over stuffed with appetizers, bread & oil,and beverages...  Not your average Italian restaurant
Fantastic gem in Pittsburgh. We were up in Pittsburgh for a family function and looking for a great Italian joint for dinner, we reviewed Yelp and discovered PaPa J's, we couldn't be happier! The food was spot on, and there was absolutely nothing wrong with the meal. If your looking for authentic Italian, don't miss this place.
Love this place especially the garden salad with feta and pine nuts. When I am working close to Carnegie, I schedule my day around lunch here. The homemade breads are amazing too. Great atmosphere and service make this one of my favorites close to Downtown Pittsburgh.
This place is wonderful. My husband and I had our first date here so that's why we chose this place for our rehearsal dinner. The food is phenomenal. They were so accommodating for the guests we had that had allergies. They recommended various ways for us to save money like bringing our own wine and dessert. They were incredibly attentive and everything was just perfect. I can't say enough good things! Every time we come here the food is wonderful and the staff polite and helpful. We will definitely continue to keep coming back here for years to come!
Best McDonald's I have been to! Everyone is so sweet and friendly! The drive through line was long but i got theough super fast. There were even napkins in the bag (which never even happens.) It wasnt always that good, i used to go to Wendy's to avoid the rude workers. But, it's great now!
Friendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
Great location!  Close to shops and theatre.  Nice staff.
This Starbucks is 5-Star Friendly. The shift supervisor Lucious keeps the energy in there moving and light. He recently helped me with a merchandise return and embodied everything a good manager and all around mensch person should - patience, kindness, generosity and fairness. I left that afternoon loving Starbucks even more than when I went in. It's great that a company and their employees can be as loyal to their customers as their customers are to them.
I am always so pleased with the customer service here. For such a tiny Starbucks, the do a really great job serving the masses that come in there and still manage to take the time to be friendly in the midst of the frenzy.   Outdoor seating in the summer is nice.
Great drinks, clean facility, and super friendly staff!
Justine really is the best! I tried many different groomers before I found her and they couldn't even come close. She is very patient with the cats and does a really good quality groom. I wouldn't think about taking my cat Smokey to anyone else.
Justine has groomed my very long haired cat with very thick fur three times now and I have nothing but praise for her.  My Teddy trusts her and she has so much patience with him.  I'll be bringing him to Cat Around Town again next week.  Looking forward to it
You've heard of Grumpy Cat.  My gal is Cranky Cat.  She won't let me brush her and brings out the (substantial) claws when I, or anyone else, tries.  She's aging, long haired and  often matted.  Other grooming experiences have been unfortunate.  (She injured herself at one place, bit a worker at another and was sent home unfinished from a third.)   Enter Cat Around Town.  We were directed to this cats-only salon by a vet tech who recognized our dilemma.    The staff at Cats Around Town were unintimidated, but respectful.  They made sure my cat felt secure and they took little breaks when they sensed she was getting too stressed out.  I was able to be present (though, frankly, I preferred to sit in the waiting area, visiting with the very friendly resident shop cat) She came out of there with nails trimmed and fur shaved, looking darling and feeling good.    It was a Positive grooming experience!!  We are spreading the news and looking forward to our next visit.
It's yet another Michael's, and it's a very good one. Recommended always. For those who love crafting, Michael's is a godsend.
Yankee Candle has high quality candles that smell wonderful. They burn evenly and for a long time.  I tend to purchase when there's a sale because the candles are pricey.   (YC is also sold at other retailers like Kohls, Bed Bath & Beyond and Burlington).  I stock up on the votive candles when they're  $1.  YC also carries reed diffusers/oils, car fresheners, wax melts, and decor.    Never had an issue with customer service. The staff is friendly.  This store is fairly small, but has a nice variety of fragrances and accessories.
Love this store!  Don't always have much luck with the sales, but I always find something I like here.  This isn't your average Marshall's or TJ Max.  I think the green dress I'm wearing is from Filene's!
Had a great time at Sing Sing a while ago with friends.  Friendly staff.  Will return.
Piano Man to the tune of Gangster's Paradise...what more do I have to say? Get there early if you want a seat, $7 cover and really fun crowd. We had sucha great time and I can't wait to go back.
SingSing!!! What a blast! One of my favorite places to jam on Earth!! Cool bar, cool town, cool people... What else do you need!! The piano players are great, funny, semi-good lookin'... I mean dude, you gotta go!!! :) Love me some SingSing!
If you want to be wowed by musical talent and want to laugh all night, go to Sing Sing :) If you send a dollar up with a song request, they will play it. If they don't know it, they will ask for the person who put the request in so they can sing something else they like, or they will look up the lyrics and sing it!! They aim to please :) I have definitely been pleased :)
Sing Sing is awesome!! Give a buck or more and they will play anything, and if they don't know it, they will search for who requested the song so they can do something else the person will enjoy! :) Great humor too!! :)
What a great time!  This place was awesome!  I wish I lived right down the road, because I could see myself being a regular here.  Honestly, these guys have got some talent, like real talent.  They can play the piano, sing, play guitar, and the drums.  Did I mention that they are all pretty hilarious, too.  I'd easily pay the $7 cover to get in here any day because it really is worth it.    I am sure I will be back in no time at all.  Next time, I am bringing a big group of friends.
Went here for the first time this past weekend. Needless to say I'll be returning! It was a blast!!!  It was cheap to get in and since we got there a bit earlier we got a semi-good table. Though it was very annoying that people had reserved tables right up front and never showed up. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THESE PEOPLE?! Everything if you ask me! Seriously though if you're going to reserve a table, you better freaking go!   I had no complaints about the place itself! The guys were hilarious and watching my brother get made fun of multiple times was just the cherry on top! Anddd this has to be the only place I've ever enjoyed being around people who were sloppy drunk, because the comedians take no prisoners!   I did enjoy when Matt and Joey were the ones up there because they are just amazing and make it so much better! They are great at what they do. Can't wait to go back!
What a great time! The pianists are funny, talented, and just a tad crude. But just enough to be funny.
Stopped in at Sing Sing to have a few drinks and hang out with some friends. The entertainment was fun. The guys do a great job singing, playing the instruments, and keeping the crowd pleased. Sing Sing is attached to The Rock Bottom Brewery so they have house beers. I did have the sampler and I enjoyed all six beers I sampled. What a great place to hang out. I highly recommend.
What a fun place!! :) The 2 guys playing piano and telling jokes are great! We went there for drinks on weekend and the place had a good crowd. It's definitely entertaining and fun. Not family friendly though!
I brought my car here in 2006 for repair of a scratched bumper.  The damage was minimal, but the work required removing my entire bumper for repainting.  The staff were very helpful in explaining my options and presenting me with a few choices to get the most bang for my buck.  They completed the work in the quoted amount of time and did a great job.  A few weeks later, I noticed a spot that needed touched up and they handled it immediately and without question.  I would definitely recommend these guys if you need bodywork or paint work done.
I was so pleased with the quality of customer service at this body shop, from the very first time I took my car in for an estimate to a couple months down the line when I got my car repaired (they still remembered me!). One thing I really like is that they always pick up the phone. You wouldn't believe how annoying it is when businesses don't do this during normal business hours. They're so personable and gave me an honest quote that I couldn't turn down because it was the lowest in town (I checked out 5 places). They just really made this process painless and smooth. I believe it's a family-run business, and boy does it show in their hospitality.  Fran and Jason were the ones that I worked with -- extremely knowledgeable and patient, especially with a customer like me who wants to make sure all the paperwork is thorough and calculations are accurate. Joe DiIorio's (with an "i" not an "l") Auto Body also works closely with Enterprise Car Rental down the street, so they came and picked me up. Those guys down there have a great relationship with this body shop as well and were really accommodating.  Overall, the quality of their work is amazing. I had a large dent on the driver side front bumper and had to replace my light (they ended up getting an OEM light instead of the aftermarket one because it didn't match) and get a brand new bumper. They blended the paint for me, washed, waxed, and vacuumed my car, AND their work has a lifetime guarantee. What can I say other than give my highest recommendation and hope other Yelpers can find this helpful, as this is how I found out about them.
From my first phone call to Joe Diliorio's, I was impressed. Every staff member I spoke too was kind and eager to help. I was treated like an important client even though my car needed only moderate repairs from a low speed collision. I was able to bring my car in right away for an assessment of the damage. Joe Dilorio's took care of everything from that point on. They dealt directly with my insurance company, ordered the parts (even getting new parts instead of the used ones my insurance company wrote the estimate for, at no cost to me), and gave me a call when all the parts came in. I then brought my car back to them and they completed the repairs in a timely fashion. When I arrived to pick up my vehicle, I was pleasantly surprised to see that they had vacuumed, washed, and waxed my car! Most importantly, the repair work was absolutely top notch. They masterfully blended the paint to match older parts with newer repair parts. My car looks even better than before the wreck!  If you don't want any hassle, want to be treated with respect, and want your car looking fantastic, give these guys a call!  -Adam
Joe Dilorio's Auto Body Shop was so helpful when I needed to get windows replaced. The were able to give me a lower quote then competing auto body shops in the area. They were also incredibly friendly and a pleasure to do business with. I'm planning on taking my car here for all future auto needs.
This is the best place we've ever taken our cars to. Their customer service is outstanding. It appears that they really like doing what they do because they are always willing to explain everything in detail. I also like that they don't over charge. I completely trust them to be honest and do the best job possible.
This place is amazing! I needed my car repaired after an accident and the guys here were so helpful. They set me up with a rental car as soon as I dropped my car off, repaired my car in a timely manner, detailed it for free, and their customer service was unbelievable!!! I can't recommend this place more!
I'm grateful to my insurance company for recommending Di Iorio's Auto Body Shop. After an accident, I needed some body work done as soon as possible. The other recommended shops wouldn't even make an appointment to see me for days. These guys fit me in that afternoon, and coordinated the rental too. Everyone I worked with was courteous and pleasant, and the work was done more quickly than expected. Moreover, they found ways to help save on the expense. The car came out looking better than before the accident -- a few days later, I noticed they had buffed out some scratches that weren't even part of the repair area. I will definitely be back next time I need auto repairs.
SO lucky to be referred to Joe DiIorio's after moving to Pittsburgh. I've been taking my cars here since 2011 and I recommend them to everyone. It's really invaluable to have "car guys" that you trust. I could detail many experiences here (in comparison to other chain shops), but suffice it to say that they've always been honest, helpful, and fair.
You can find pretty good body work without too much trouble.  Finding a place that's friendly, prompt, and organized that ALSO does good body work is more difficult.  Joe Dilorio's delivers on all counts.  Highly recommended for the next time you -- or somebody else -- make a little mistake on the road.
Amazing repair service. I hit a really fat raccoon in the Appalachians (it was dark and rainy and I didn't see the poor thing until it was too late) while going fairly fast down a hill. The raccoon destroyed my front bumper, the grill, and my right fog light. Thankfully I had duct tape in my trunk. Anyway, once I got back to Pittsburgh, I called my insurance agent.  My insurance referred me to DiIorios and I'm really glad they did! The staff was very friendly and helpful doing the estimate. They even set up a rental for me when I was having the car repaired.   They kept me updated on the status of the car and were just really pleasant to work with the whole time.  Hopefully I don't have to get any body work done on my car again anytime soon, but if I do, I know I'm going to take back to DiIorios.
Good sevice everytime my bmw is there. Looks like it came off the show room floor after its fixed from a collision everytime.
Lowe's is my goto store for home improvement supplies. It's convenient and local to me.  Customer service is always great and prices are fair.  My most recent experience with customer service was AMAZING. So a hose burst on my hot tub. Call repair guy or try to fix it myself? I gave it a go. Took pictures of the hose and fitting and headed to the plumbing section. I showed the gentleman the picture and asked for help. He didn't have exactly the fitting for a hot tub, but gave me what he thought would work. It did! Under $3 bucks later and all was a go! Winter came and it sprung a leak in same spot. My fault and maybe lack of strength to tighten fitting and frigid temps. Back to plumbing section. Same gentleman. Gave me the advice again and bam, fixed!  THIS is what I want in customer service. Sadly, I cannot remember his name. (Bad customer on my part.) Thank you!!!
Lowe's is my first stop for all of my home projects.   I am currently redoing door.  Lowe's has knowledgeable employees that offer advice to the DIYs as well as a stable of contractors to hire out the big jobs.   Returns are handled seamlessly,  who doesn't grab the wrong part?  Their garden section is great for Spring planting.  They have competatively priced appliances.  5% off with Lowe's credit card is also nice.  Having those large items delivered is a convenience. Their best asset is the expertise of the staff.  I frequently change mind on an original concept based on their input.   Highly recommended
The food here can actually be a little hit and miss, but I love the grilled cheese club with fries. I get it way too much. People make fun of me.  They have a ten dollar minimum for credit cards, fyi.
Awesome wings and pubgrub! Great beer selection and fun bartenders.
Duke...the owner...is the man.  He's a true Pittsburgher and he loves everyone from Pittsburgh.  He looks like he'll beat you up but he's a softy with a big heart.  Look for the bald guy with the raspy voice and make friends...he'll hook you up.  He's also totally into the development of other Pittsburgh businesses and he hosts events for local startups.  Ask him for a tour of the old Eat n Park next door...I believe his intention is still to turn it into an incubator of sorts.  Fortunately, the bar is close enough to the waterfront that it's just far enough out of the ghetto...the crowd is certainly decent.  Definitely have some beers on the porch in the summer...especially in the rain (lower level is covered).  Very relaxing atmosphere.  I wish my company was located in the area so we could frequent Dukes more steadily (we're on the north side).  Still worth the drive to feel at home, have a good bite and some cold beers.
If you want to know the people from Homestead/Munhall then Dukes is the place for you.  A locals favorite they've seen a lot of growth since I started going 10 years ago.   They have a great selection of beer but I think where they really shine is in the food department.    My favorite sandwich there is the Pinkerton and it's often hard to get anything else every time I go.  Pierogi Pizza is pretty good as well as there gigantic sampler platter that a party of 4 could eat together!  Dukes is also an awesome place to watch sporting events with their see it from any angle TV selections all around the bar.  Soups of the days are awesome (Potato soup yes please) and they have a excellent happy hour special that will save you a few dollars.    I've always been treated with a welcoming vibe from the staff and I don't have any complaints.
I find it frustrating to read bad reviews about great bars and restaurants that are based on almost nothing. I eat and drink here about once a month and everything is great. I have eaten here around 50 times and never had a bad meal. Great draft and great service. This is the best bar in this area.
Love dukes and love the food. I wish i could figure out the closing times or i wouldnt plan so many after work gatherings. Their food is amazing never had a bad meal and their prices are standard for crafts and actually pretty cheap for domestic
I really don't see how anyone could give this place a bad review.  The food is fantastic and if it's not my belly luring me in then it's the awesome beer selection they have.   My suggestion for those who are leery to try dukes after reading other ridiculous reviews is just order what they have on special that night... Everything is good so you can't go wrong and it will most likely come out faster and hotter being that it's on special.  If not I could suggest other delicious things to eat but I don't feel like typing out the entire menu... They often switch the beers out so there is always a constant flow of different and unique craft beers on tap... They can also print you out a list of beers and their percentage so you know what you are in for! (Lol) Anyhow I love this place, the owners, and the staff! I highly suggest it to everyone who likes good beer and good food!
What a cool place in Homestead. Love the environment and the food was really good. Stop here then head to the Waterfront to see a movie. It will be a great night.
The transformation of this place is beyond amazing. If you haven't been there in a while you owe it to yourself to check it out. Clean and consistent. Friendly and fresh. Hands down our favorite place to eat in the area.
GREAT PLACE FOR A BIRTHDAY PARTY!    A FAMILY GATHERING!    A WORK RETIREMENT PARTY!    OR EVEN A DOUBLE-DATE!  A combination watering hole, great place to eat and great entertainment for adults! Adult games!  The Homestead (Pittsburgh) location of Dave & Busters is just one of the almost 50 locations across the country - from New York to Florida to California - - from Canada to Mexico.    The Dave & Busters idea was conceived in Little Rock, Arkansas back in the 1970s. Two different businesses (one a popular watering hole & one a game & entertainment business) were right next door to each other. The two young owners were friends and quickly realized that combining their businesses made perfect sense. So they opened the first combined D & B in  . . . . no, not Little Rock, but Dallas! To this day there are no D & B's in Little Rock. Not sure what is up with that! But lots of other cities have been the beneficiaries of these two friends combining their businesses.  The one in Pittsburgh is the only one I have ever been to.  When I lived there, a group of friends and co-workers (and me, of course!)used to go there for Happy Hour & Power Hour . . . . at least once a week. We had a blast!  A great place to kick-back and let the worries of the work day melt away.  Wonder if they'll ever open one in Marin County, CA? Shucks!  Probably not. Not a Marin County scene, for sure.   WHAT A BLAST IT WAS THOUGH! I miss going to D & B. They have all the classics, like billiards & shuffleboard, plus over 200 interactive & video games. A rechargable Power Card provides an easy way to access all the games.    POWER HOUR is game HAPPY HOUR - - an entire hour of classic and video games for just  ten bucks.    A GREAT BAR, WONDERFUL FOOD AND SERVICE! A RELAXING AND FUN WAY to spend a Friday or Saturday evening. You'll never want to leave. Meet your friends here, grab a beer and a burger or steak and hit the games.   Time will just evaporate . . . . while you laugh and drink with your favorite girl, your best friend or even your boss!    DAVE & BUSTERS! LOTS OF PARKING! LOTS OF FUN!  FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! . . . . BRING ON THE BEER!
Dave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win. I highly suggest if you want to plays games, go Wednesday when all the games are half off. Food is pretty good and a nice bar. The downside is that the booze is pretty pricey.
Dave & Busters is a great experience  if you set your expectations realistically and carefully choose when you attend.  The main squeeze and I always 1) use a survey receipt for buy $10 get $10 in free gameplay or 2) Attend on a Wednesday during the day (flexible work schedules). We'd never dream of eating there because we like healthy yuppie food. And we only drink cheap drafts OR drink cocktails during happy hour.  Your visit is largely determined by time of day, expectations and whether or not you eat their food. If you come on a Friday night, the lines will be long. You'll pay $150 for the two of you to eat, drink and play for 3 hours and you'll be left with a very sour taste in your mouth.  The staff is really excellent; any issue with a game not paying out tickets results in immediate help and extra tickets or a swipe for a different game from an employee.   Note the "drinks are weak" reviews. Also notice it was people buying shots and ordering multiple drinks per person. That's typical white trash behavior. Bartenders here are savvy; they mirror the behavior of the guests. All of our drinks have been consistently strong and well put together because we're courteous and tip well. I have witnessed bartenders bypass tattooed, loud guests and address me and take my order first. This is rational, logical behavior.   Also note the "prize center games suck" comments. You're supposed to stack tickets over multiple visits and use them on a big prize. Like life, delaying gratification nets you bigger returns. Every other visit I've seen someone walk out with a video game system (Wii, Xbox360 and even a few Xbox One's).   The thing about Dave & Busters is the crowd changes depending on day of week and time of day. Sunday afternoon it's all families and Friday and Saturday night it's all drunk 20 somethings. The atmosphere changes and that's why the reviews are all over the place.  This review is based on 8ish months of 1-3/monthly visits. Most visits are 5 stars, some are 4 stars.  Using survey receipts for Buy Ten Get Ten, avoiding Wednesday, Friday or Saturday evenings (and Sunday afternoon, families) and avoiding the food entirely and drinking cheaply, you'll have a great experience for $25-40/person.  I really enjoy the staff too, they split the difference between fun and professional. Special shout out to Riley, gave us info on possibly hosting a party there.
There is good food, but a great spot to enjoy a few drinks & watch sports on the big screens. It's great for adult fun after 10pm. Great for a first date if you like to have a good fun & feel relaxed
After having a few 'less than memorable' trips to D&B in years past, my wife and I  decided to go back for a Pittsburgh Happy Hour Anniversary party this past Thursday.  Pgh Happy Hour is a facebook group of friends that like to check out new 'watering holes' every thursday and it's run by a guy that seems to party 24/7 while still holding down a very lucrative full time job.    Anyway- Pgh HH was celebrating an anniversary and chose D&B for the location.  The D&B staff set up the back 'pool room' with complimentary,  enormous spread of appetizers with dips and kept refilling them when they got low.  Our server, Carla, was very attentive and friendly- making sure we were aware of the specials and checking back often when our glasses got to the half way point.  The other server back there was working equally as hard but I never got the chance to get her name.    I had been here one other time for an organized happy hour for a past employer and remember very similar service but I never got the chance to give them any credit.  I think D&B is an awesome place when you need some space for your next event.
First off, let me say that I find the people who usually work at Dave and busters usually don't care or seem to be angry and hate their job. A friend and I went here and found that a couple of the machines ran out tickets and someone was always there and happy to help. The staff went out of their way to make sure we had a good time. The manager Tony was very sweet and made sure everything was ok. Every staff member we talked to was extremely nice. This is by far the best Dave and busters I've had been to!
I always go there to either eat dinner or have drinks .never had a problem with the food or drink.sometimes i will play games there sometimes.the girls behind the counter are very nice even the one guy Brett is also nice.he works very hard from what i can see as well as the girls that work there . even the one girl behind the counter was dressed very nice.when i do go there they do know what i like to eat or drink. Although the restrooms should be cleaned a little more.
Great games and prizes. Amazing food.great way to enjoy your day with your family!!! Super busy place.
We had our reunion banquet last weekend at this D&B. It was the highlight of our gathering. The room was spacious, well-appointed with tables covered with black tablecloths and set up according to our specifications. The buffet was delicious. The manager, servers and bartender were enthusiastic and attentive. What a wonderful facility.  Kids and adults loved the arcade games. The pool tables were a hit too. We appreciated the roomy dance floor for those who wanted to groove.  In the months leading up to our event, special events representative Laura checked in regularly. She, Sean and the managers made sure that our experience was memorable and even added extra touches that made us feel special. Thank you, D&B, for a great experience.
Had fun playing games and drinking here! Lots of games and prizes. Great atmosphere including a DJ!  On a side note, some creepy middle aged man came up to me and my wife asking if he gets us a certain amount of tickets on a game (which we had to pay for) then we buy him an alcoholic beverage. What in the world is wrong with this man?!?! Couldn't find any management workers to advise so we just walked away and avoided him for the rest of the night.
I've loved coming here since it first opened as part of the Waterfront shopping development, and I'm always up for a game of skee-ball!  The Pittsburgh D&B location is recently remodeled, so if you haven't been there in a while, do yourself a favor and check it out.  They've expanded the dining areas and added new, modern furniture, there are more TVs than you can shake a stick at, a menu with something for everyone, and of course... games!  They also recently opened a new show in their theater room -- Pittsburgh magician Lee Terbosic will be performing 2 shows every Friday and Saturday night.  You can even order drinks and food off the menu while you take in the show!  I went to the opening show this past Friday night, and ordered a chicken quesadilla and a "sno-cone" (hint: this drink isn't one for the kiddos!) to wash it down with.  Both were great -- the sno-cone flavors were just like an ICEE I would get on a childhood shopping trip with mom and dad, but with that added kick of booze.  Hey, I'm not one to complain.  Speaking of added kicks, the quesadilla has jalapenos in it, which I loved!! I love spicy foods and most places just serve a little cup of jalapenos on the side.  These were actually cooked into the fillings and I loved every bite.  The show itself was highly entertaining and the crowd seemed to agree -- Lee kept everyone on their toes for the entire 60 minutes.  I can't wait to check out more shows here and flex my skee-ball arm!
Best wendy's in pittsburgh! it does have competition with White Oaks but thats besides the point. I went in here earlier today and they are fast, they are neat and clean and the staff is friendly. The manager even helps the elderly and speaks with customers like they are friends. Job well done in my book. Plus can't beat the fries are always hot. Keep the work up guys!
Was in there today again and the service is excellent. Is this a chica fila or Wendy's I can't tell the difference except for the menu. Cashiers will bring your food to you. Manager actually has respect for the customer instead of ignoring them. I love it!
This wendy's is awesome!  I got the 4 for 4.  The cashier was so nice.  She let me trade my drink for a frosty, no charge, and she stacked overfull but not messy.  My food was ready when I was and it was quality food for great value!  Their chicken nuggets are the freshest I have found.
So I'm doing laundry on a lazy, rainy afternoon and just before I'm about to snuggle in for a nap, I go down to the basement to put my laundry into the dryer and found the basement floor covered in raw sewage.  So, its Friday night, 5pm....yeah right...who's gonna even bother answering?  These guys did.  Ed was here in about an hour.  He was very professional (he even put booties on his feet before coming into the house), explained exactly what he was doing and described what the problem was and how to prevent it from happening in the future.  And guess what!  He CLEANS TOO!  Now, back to my laundry....what a way to spend a Friday night.
I can't say enough good things about these guys.  I swear, when it rains it pours...literally. I went down to the basement and discovered water all over the floor and a spray coming out of a water line and shooting to the ceiling. I've had way too many "oh shit" moments like these this summer. This time, the saddle valve connection for my ice maker burst. Thank you again to Rdn Plumbing for rescuing me and installing the proper type of valve. As always, you guys were prompt and professional. :)
Getting a new refrigerator installed can be daunting. The delivery man could not hook it up unless the water line was on same floor. RDN  was here  while the delivery man was still here. So far, so good, right?  Even though RDN had to go back to the shop to get the correct part he came right back. Job well done. The next morning the water dispenser was only giving us a small trickle so I called for help again.  RDN was here in fifteen minutes. The installer had not blown air out of the filter first. RDN  did it. Kudos for great, caring service.
Got a good quote for some kitchen sink drain and laundry plumbing updates and had them come back and do the work the next month. Fast, reliable, and great work done. Very happy with both the quoting process and definitely the work that they've done.
Hot water tank burst in the middle of a shower, had to go to work shortly after. Got to work frustrated knowing this is really going to cost me. Remembered I had a home warranty and I called them up to see what kind of situation I'm really in, they said no issue and contracted RDN to me. Nick? I believe it was arrived promptly this morning from RDN, was extremely professional and was more than generous with information regarding the draining of the tank on a bi-yearly basis (something of which I did not know to do). He was polite and cleaned up after himself. They alleviated my issue and made me very happy. They're a little out of my range for basic needs as I live roughly 40 minutes from Homestead but I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone. Awesome folks.
This morning our water heater broke all over our new carpeting in our basement. I called our home warranty company and they said RND Plumbing would be here between 9-11. Ed from RND arrived promptly, introduced himself, asked us a few questions and got right to work. He had to leave to purchase the new tank and came back in a timely manner. He was very careful not to dirty our carpeting when taking out the old tank. Ed was very professional, friendly and he helped to put my mind at ease during a stressful morning. He explained how to maintain the new tank to make it last longer. I highly recommend RND Plumbing and Their technician Ed! He certainly exceeded our expectations!!
These guys are on time and professional, and that's what matters most.  I've used them twice, and I'll never call anybody else for my plumbing needs again.
This joint is recently under new management, so we decided to give it another try tonight, and I am pleased that we did. We ordered pickup and the food was done by the time I arrived at the estimated pickup time - no waiting around!! Brought home a calzone, pizza, and garlic knots. Everything was super tasty, good quality ingredients, piping hot. Great value for what we paid. Definitely our new favorite pizza joint in Munhall!!
I am a big fan of Rock Bottom. There are several dishes that are MONEY. Appetizer:  Seared Ahi, Spinach Artichoke Dip Entree :      Fire Steak, Pub Tips or Chicken Fried Chicken. Desert :      Carrot Cake (to die for) Bar food:     Pizza or ball park pretzels.  Both of which are sprayed with brown ale.   Half the menu is really good, the other half is great.   The beer is good.  Ask for the sampler!  They usually have a velvet and something on cask.  Ask for one of those if you are looking for something different.  They will also have a scotch ale, an IPA, whiskey stout or other specialty depending on the mood of the brewer (which, if its still Matt, the mood is GRUMPY).   If Andy is still working there, he is sure to please and Molly is great in the cocktail area. Head over to Sing Sing after dinner and its a wrap. I used to work there several years ago and I make it a point to hit every RB I possibly can. Don't go to the one in Charlotte though, its not really a Rock Bottom.
I love this place!  Great atmosphere and friendly service every time I go!!
I would have to say I'm pretty partial to Rock Bottom, I have been going almost every Thursday for the past 3 years because of the fantastic "Team Trivia". My friends and I love the atmosphere, the DJ (Todd), and the service that we get at Rock Bottom.   Every week when we go a menu is never needed because we pretty much know everything we want on it, except for when the change the menu from time to time and we get to have a special treat with something new!   As an avid Rock Bottomer, hands down I have never in my life had a better spicy spinach cheese dip than I have had here at Rock Bottom. Whether I have eaten dinner or not before I come down to the restaurant, my favorite and my food of choice is the ENORMOUS Ball park pretzels with the cheese dip. It is a meal itself! The mixture of onions, cheese, spinach and tomatoes is perfection!   Another favorite of mine is the Barbecue Chicken Pizza, it has a great kick to it and it's big enough for two people.   The service has always been super great and now since we go often we have developed a great relationship with some of the wait staff.   A truly great place to have fun with friends and meet new people!   Come to Team Trivia every Thursday at 8pm!
Fish tacos were excellent!! Great brewed beers on tap as well!!!!!!
Southwest Egg rolls and Fish tacos. Mmmmmmmmm. Ohh and the AMAZING Brews!
the food was delicious. portion size generous. atmosphere good. Our waitress Lindy was outstanding. Have nothing but good things to say. Would highly recommend to everyone !
My husband and I got here a couple times a year.    Always (except my veggies today) get great food at a decent price.   I love their side salad..... which has raisins and sunflower seeds.    Burgers are great and my husband loves their chicken Mac and cheese.   Recommend to everyone just get there early for a seat.
On a glorious day in the month of May , my love and I stumbled hungrily into rock bottom.  Ha. Just kidding I realized Darren W. Hadn't reviewed here so I had to start it cheesy.    The rock bottom line: Monday for lunch we had awesome service by Ashley.  We weren't rushed and it was quite.  The burgers were great and half off . The beer was very good.  We will be returning for sure.
Planned a surprise birthday party here for my wife and they did an amazing job helping to pull it off! Service was extremely helpful, professional, and on point all night. Lauren (one of the managers) was reliable and pleasant throughout the entire planning process. If anyone is looking to plan an event I would highly recommend Rock Bottom. Couldn't be happier!
I love this restaraunt. Rarely have I ever received service like I get here. The food is good, definitely reasonable for the price. The thing that blew me away was the fact that my steak was cooked TO TEMPERATURE. This rarely ever happens at restaraunt of similar price range and quality. But the servers are fantastic. Very attentive, polite and timely. The beer selection is awesome, we always order the sampler. I like having lots of options as far as beverages go. The wait time isn't terrible if you go a little later on a friday or Saturday night. And they most often call you before the quotes time. The desert menu is a little small, but I could probably skip it anyways ;)  the ambiance is good, not to crammed or noisy. They also have outside seating available when the weather is nice I highly recommend this establishment!
I love this place! Great food and the best beer brewed on site! The bourbonzola burger is the best thing you can order here.
BALL PARK PRETZEL-Would eat again.   I came to rock bottom, looking for a great beer. Full of hops, that brings a refreshing sensation and satisfaction. I then opened the menu, scanned looking for those select bar items to pair with my great beer. I saw an extensive list of items, from chicken fingers to salads. I noticed a Ball Park Pretzel, with a jalapeño cheese dip. I was blown away, the fact that I got 2 pretzels amazed me. I ordered within 25 minutes of seating. My pretzels hit the table within minutes. The smell of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my senses. But I knew we could step this shit up, I asked for mustard. And what do you know. Grey Poupon Dijon Mustard is in front of my eyes. I combined that shit and life evolved. I went to heaven, it took me 35 minutes to write this review because I took a solid bite with Grey Poupon after each sentence. Good look Rock Bottom, keep up the good work.
My husband and I went to Rock Bottom Brewery last night for the first time and we had a WONDERFUL experience! Our server, Amanda, was very attentive, and was able to make several good beer recommendations to my husband. My husband said that his burger was the best one he'd ever had, and my pizza was delicious! Prices weren't too bad either, especially considering how amazing the food and the service was. Rock Bottom is now on our list of favorite local restaurants and we will definitely be visiting it again in the future!
I love Rock Bottom. I don't frequent the restaurant side of RB as much as I do SingSing, but the food comes from RB. I order practically the same thing every time (Bacon Mac 'n Cheese, Brewery Nachos, and a beer...usually an IPA or a Manhattan) and the last two times I was at RB, the food was disappointing: it was cold and unappetizing, my Manhattan sucked, and the service was worse. The food is always better over at SingSing for some reason...even if they do come from the same place!   I was craving the Mac 'n Cheese, so I went down to pick some up. I had a gift card, so I figured I wasn't out any money if the food sucked. I saw that there was a new menu, so I sat down to order. I got the Street Food Quesadilla, Bacon Mac 'n Cheese, and Beer Battered Onion Rings. I also ordered a Homemade Root beer and a few samples of the house beer.  Everything was amazing! It came out hot and tasted awesome. They have a new Head Chef and it shows. I was floored...the new Street Food options are fun and tasty. They are unique and different...not something you'd find at any restaurants in the area.  The Service was good. My waitress was named Liz and she certainly was on point. She even helped me find a beer after I was sorely disappointed by the IPA offering...which was weird. I always thought the House Brews were tasty and fun, no matter their style or make. I'm an IPA girl, but I would happily drink anything that came from their taps. I was disappointed in the offerings, but I ended up settling on the Pale Ale that was quite tasty.  In the end, if you were turned off by Rock Bottom before, I'd definitely recommend going back to check out the Street Food and new menu offerings. Service has dramatically improved, food quality has improved,  and I was thrilled.
The food is always plentiful, the atmosphere lively, the service friendly, and even though it's always busy, I rarely have to wait for a table.   If you're a nachos fan, this is the place! Often, I just make it my appetizer, salad, and meal. Yes, it's that big.   Even though I'm not a big beer drinker, I enjoy their sampler, and I LOVE their cider; it had just the right amount of kick.
I'm visiting Homestead this week for some work-related training.  Rock Bottom was recommended by the receptionist at my hotel, and I'm so glad it was!  I've been there twice already and will go back before I leave in a few days.  I sat at the bar during both of my visits, and the bartenders were both very nice...Bob during the day and Paul at night.  The pumpkin beer and milk stout are both awesome.  Like other reviewers stated, the nachos are great!  I think the best part was that everyone was very friendly.  Other customers seated at the bar were eager to chat, which is so nice when you don't know anyone in the area!  Great place!  Thanks for the hospitality!
We stopped in to grabs bite to eat before we went to Improv. My wife and I got the bacon chicken mac&cheese. It was absolutely delicious right down to the last bite. We raved about it all night long. Our friend got a burger and asked for it well done. It came out medium. So she sent it back. The manger brought out the new one and he took care of our friends check. Pretty great service. She loved the burger, and said it was one of the best she has had.  I had the beer sampler and I liked all six beers. They were good.  I would recommend this place and if we are down that way I will definitely go back.
Great selection of beers especially the seasonal ones! You won't be disappointed. The Jalapeño pretzels are dope!
I've been coming here a lot lately and the food is consistently good. Their burgers are great (especially the 2:00 am burger) and the staff is always friendly. I haven't tried too many of their beers but the food will keep me coming back!
I had my baby shower here. The space very nice, staff friendly, and everyone loved the food, especially the chicken Mac n cheese! Everyone is still raving about it!
I have a little bit of mechanical knowledge, but not enough to land me a job as a mechanic. I try to do a good bit of my own work to save on the repair bill and to avoid unscrupulous mechanics.   I called a handful of shops to get a quote to replace an exhaust manifold gasket and bolts on my 05 Grand Cherokee. Alan (owner) quoted me $250 per side (I have the 5.7 V8, so there are 2 sides) to fix it. Sure enough, it was $250 out the door. Alan is a great guy that knows his stuff. If it doesn't need to be fixed, he'll tell you it doesn't need to be fixed. BUT, if it does need to be fixed, it really does need fixing. He even checked on a couple of other things and made some recommendations for other specialty shops for projects I plan on doing on this Jeep, which he didn't have to do.   I chose to give Master a shot after my normal go-to shop in Monroeville didn't return my call seeking a quote for the exhaust manifold. Some of the reviews on Google for Master are unfair, with the chief complaint being a misunderstanding of personalities. If you want to question what the mechanic tells you needs to be done, fine. Just make sure you know what you're talking about. If you have zero mechanical knowledge, don't tell the mechanic how to do their job. Alan won't blow smoke up your dress and hold your hand. If you want your car fixed, take it to Master.   Thanks again, Alan, for giving me the opportunity to boast on the Jeep forums about only paying $250 for a repair that many have shelled out $1K+ to fix! You're my new go-to shop for our vehicles.   (If you're curious as to their hours, I was there a little after 7AM. They are first come, first serve.) Don't be an idiot and expect your car to be fixed 5 minutes after pulling into the lot. Oh, and don't park in front of the garage doors like a tool!
Great night out.  I don't know if Christopher Titus set the ticket price or the club did, but at $25 a ticket, we will be going back often.  Great line up of top name acts coming to town.  extremely nice staff. highly recommend.
This is the best Giant Eagle in the area and is the most like grocery stores in Bay Area. Here's why:  1. They sell beer! 2. Huuuuuge produce selection 3. Natural/organic foods section: cereal, pasta, soups, etc and fancy chocolate bars 4. Long isle of ethnic foods includes mexican, indian, italian, asian and , of course, jewish 5. Functioning bakery with fresh, appetizing breads and desserts (I am still loyal to Allegro Hearth though)  The store is huge and I haven't been to all of it yet but they also have nicer flowers, balloons, home/seasonal section, DVD rentals and a photo center as well as a drive-through pharmacy.   It seems as this GE just might be the answer to my grocery stores woes.
Probably the most comprehensive supermarket in the county, if not all of southwestern PA. Its selection is considerably larger than what you can find in most Giant Eagles, and it has more upscale items. I live an easy walk from the Swissvale Giant Eagle, but I often drive to this location for the superior selection.
This is easily one of the best Giant Eagles I've ever been to. Huge. Very nice selection. Easily comparable to Whole Foods. Went to their cheese market, and was pleasantly surprised with the selection. I got Beemster Vlaskas, an amazing Gouda. Very large parking lot.
This is a great supermarket!  All of the staples.  Great deli, market square and bakery.  Fresh produce and extra convenient to have vegetables and fruits cut and packaged.  Love the fact that I can shop, drop dry cleaning, and pick up pharmacy items in one stop.  Close to other shopping and wonderful restaurants.
Such nice staff.    I really lament the decline of the modern bookstore.  I really enjoy browsing and picking up a new book.    The store has a great selection and the staff are always helpful and kind.    I really hope this store stays here for some.  The prices are also fair and often have great discounts.
I find this location, clean and well organized, but that's not the reason it's getting 5 stars!   I called today to look into whether or not their May issues of magazines were out (I need them for my job) and Erin so kindly went checked on every single magazine I asked about!   Now that is customer service!   Well done, well done!
There is nothing like a book and no better place to find one than a book store.   This Barnes and Noble carries on a long history of excellence. They always have an extensive selection and a friendly staff that is willing to find what ever book you are seeking.
Their food is amazing. They have a deal that you can get a soup and salad for 6.95! Also they have drinks from Starbucks and deserts from the cheesecake factory. What I'm eating right now is the tomato caprese which is delicious and their soup which is homemade chicken noodle soup which is awesome and the tiramisu cup which I never had before. You should try it if you're in the waterfront in homestead.
$1 burger night on Tuesday. Add ons more.
I'm surprised by the low reviews. I am a regular here. Perhaps it is a little bit pricey, and that is the concern. But, it seems like everything is pricey these days. Their pretzel appetizer is -fantastic- hot, fresh pretzels with sauces. I also regularly get their grilled vegetable wrap, with broccoli instead of fries, or their salad wedge.   They've got nice outdoor seating with great fire ornaments, but, well, it is outdoors.  In the past, service was really bad. I quit going for a while, after having to "Do the wave' for a check. But, for the last 2-3 years, it has been really good. I've found the staff to be professional, attentive, responsive, and friendly. Maybe these are old reviews?
One of my favorite places, and they have thee Best Lemon Drop Martini's... Plus the Bar Tender looks like Clark Kent(Superman) very handsome guy
Great atmosphere and rather humble, especially for a chain restaurant. The service is always friendly, even if they are busy. I enjoy taking clients out for drinks there because of the enjoyable bartenders and wide array of drinks on their menu. I highly recommend their chicken sliders and you have to try their tempura shrimp.   Be sure to make a reservation because they can get busy too!
Best place for a late dinner. They have a pretty diverse and interesting  menu. Kitchen is open til 2am. The atmosphere is very relaxing and staff is always pleasant.
The place where my fiancé and I first met. Went back for anniversary, mentioned it to server, and were given a free dessert to help us celebrate. Very, very cool Bar Louie! Love ya even more now!   Jerk shrimp lettuce wraps are so spicy hot they blew us away - extremely spicy - very good but caused us to order plain old soft pretzel to balance out the heat.  Buffalo chicken flat bread - great but hot too
Bar Louie is my go to place in the Waterfront.  Consistently good food and friendly talkative wait and bar staff. Lots of wonderful specials but nothing tops Tuesday, dollar burger night, a Bar Louie tradition.   Especially nice in the summertime when the garage doors come up, windows open and upper loft patio is full.  Flame pits are on the patio and provide warmth on a cool night. The food is an eclectic mix.  Burgers are great as are the tots, get them loaded or better yet down them for speed :). Mussels are good, salads are great!  Appetizers are all excellent.  Try the Bavarian pretzels with quest or the calamari!  My favorite, especially on a cold or rainy day is their chicken tortilla soup.  If you give a green light to the cook, he'll spice it up to en fuego,  the way it's meant to be eaten.  Endless refills of soft drinks allow you to sit and chat for as long as you like.  This is a wonderful spot to people watch on movie night or catch some of the Steelers who like to stop by. Love places that keep eating out fun.  This is a place where they remember your name!  Recommend strongly!!
Literally the only place to stop in waterfront. Best happy hour!! Martini and drafts half off? Our server Kayla was phenomenal.
I LOVE Sandcastle.  First, let me say that I'm reviewing the waterpark, not the people. The park has little to no control over the people that visit the park and the way they or their children behave.   If you are going to visit, I would HIGHLY suggest you try to go on a weekday. I've attempted to visit on nice weekends before when the park has actually been at capacity and they are no longer allowing people in. It gets CROWDED on the weekends, especially if the weather is nice. There aren't a ton of nice days in the summer in Pittsburgh, so when there are nice days, people come out in droves!   The slides are a blast, the lines are sometimes very long, but worth it. The lazy river is great when it's not wall to wall people. I really enjoy the new Dragon's Den but the line is CRAZY long for it! They also have a fantastic bar area, we have gone a few times and enjoyed a festive beverage while we enjoy the sun!  They have several areas for smaller children, which are all fantastic.   If you are visiting, trying to take advantage of the giant eagle discount tickets, because these can get really pricey. You can also do a Sandcastle/Kennywood ticket, where you visit Sandcastle during the day and Kennywood at night. It's a fantastic deal, but boy could that be exhausting!
We went to the Sandcastle Waterpark this past weekend before we went to Heinz Field.  We are a family of four; Dad, Mom, 17 year old girl, and 8 year old girl.  We all enjoyed it.  There was plenty to do for everyone; wave pool, kiddie pools, single tube slides, double tube slides, and body slides.  It was a cloudy day in the upper 70's, so it wasn't crowded at all.  Check for coupons at Giant, Local Flavor, and other places.  Some things don't open until 12 PM, even when the park opens at 11 AM.  Parking is $6.00.
For some reason, I had a tremendous amount of anxiety about buying a new mattress. Maybe I was just self-conscious about rolling around on a bunch of beds in a public place.   ABD Mattress quickly alleviated any idiotic fears I may have had. The store was empty when I arrived on a Monday afternoon and I was attended to immediately and never felt pressured. ABD has a great selection of mattresses, and the prices cannot be beat. I picked up a full plush pillow-top mattress for a cool $375 (without a box spring or a frame, since I already had one). Better yet? Delivery is free AND prompt. You pick a three-hour timeframe, and the store will call you on the day of delivery to narrow it to a one-hour slot so you're not sitting around all afternoon.
I'm a mattress buying novice. I also hate buying things that require you to try-before-you-buy. I also seem to give explanatory information about myself before reviews. Anyway.   I had a lot of anxiousness about buying a mattress. If it's terrible, you'll be spending a large proportion of your life in misery until you fix the problem. Who wants that? Especially for something that can be as expensive as a mattress?   These people were great. They patiently answered all of my mattress questions and treated me like a valued customer - both times I called, the man on the phone remembered my name (and number!) and took care of me. When I failed to buy a box spring (why oh why did I think I could go without a box spring??) they were able to take care of me over the phone and get me a box spring in the SAME day. Within hours, even. They even helped me set up the mattress that I DIDN'T purchase from them, which blew me away.   Their professionalism and friendliness are excellent. I will recommend them to everyone who's in the market for a mattress, especially students, because their student deals are fantastic.
The only place to buy a mattress.  Both my wife and I and our daughter desperately needed new mattresses so I decided to check this place out. We went on a Sunday afternoon and were the only ones in the store. Lee greeted us and showed us around the store. They offer mattresses, recliners, dinettes, daybeds, bunk beds and bedroom furniture. We found her a great mattress at a great price. While waking around the store my wife found a Serta iComfort series mattress for us that felt like heaven to lay on.   Lee had told us about their free 18 month no interest financing through Wells Fargo Bank, free bed frame, free delivery and set up of your new bed and free removal of your old mattress and box spring which made it a no brainer! I went in to only buy our daughter a new mattress but I bought us a new one as well. No one can beat their prices! I compared the price of our new mattress to Levin, Macy's and Mattress Discounters. No one came close to the price we got at American Buyers. Everywhere else was double the price for just our mattress not including our daughters so it was like getting hers for free.   Take it from me, when it comes to your sleep, DO NOT BUY A CHEAP MATTRESS!!! We bought a cheap, supposed Serta mattress in 2008 from Mattress Discounters. The boxed spring had to be replaced about 2 years after owning the bed. I don't think I will have that problem again as our new Serta has a full 25 year warranty.   A couple days later our daughters mattress was delivered first and about a week later our new mattress was delivered. The delivery guys had our old mattress and box spring out and our new frame, box spring and mattress set up in less than 10 minutes.  I highly recommend American Buyers Discount Mattress for all of your bedding needs.
I have been buying my mattresses and headboards from American Buyer's Discount Mattress Store for years. The selection is huge, the staff is extremely knowledgable and helpful.  There's none of the pushy sales tactics that you find at some of the other chain stores. They're honest and will make sure you get the mattress that's best for you and not their profit. The prices cannot be beat, the service is outstanding- free delivery and haul away of your old mattress. There's price ranges for every pocket book there and you can request financing too if need be. They carry all sizes and types of mattresses, daybeds and even lift chairs- those recliners that will lift you up to a standing position! If you're in the market for a mattress, bed frame, headboard etc. this is the only place you need to go! You definitely will be happy you did.
This is the most reliable car service I have experienced in Pittsburgh. Amazing service. For the last four years, we have used them each week to pick up and drop off colleagues at the airport. They're always waiting by the Hertz counter, ahead of time, without fail. Even when the flight is early or had a 3 hour delay. They charge about $10 more than a yellow cab. If you have client you need picked up or dropped off at the airport, I would highly recommend First Class.   My first time in Pittsburgh, when the driver heard I was on an interview, he even gave me a free tour of a few neighborhoods in the city.
I agree with the other reviewers. I tried these guys based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed.   I'm a grumpy New Englander, and have been frustrated by the small town, easygoing/careless customer service at many PGH businesses. These guys are different: professional, punctual (even in snow!).
Great customer service.  I was in Pittsburgh for business and needed a car to get back to the airport.  I found these guys on Yelp, and the reviews were not wrong.  It was easy to order the car and pick-up was prompt.
Ditto everyone else. I had out of towners needing to get to the airport but I had a last minute work conflict and couldn't drive them. I was nervous about using one of the standard cab companies because their track record of actually showing up isn't great. I called these guys the night before an 8am pick-up and everything went smoothly. Dave even checked on their flight for us to make sure it was on time given bad weather. If you're planning on getting a cab to the airport, definitely use First Class.
After reading glowing reviews on Yelp, I decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport. Service was great. Driver was very courteous and on time. We used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy. The driver even carried her suitcases upstairs to her apartment.
We always use First Class Limo for flights too early to take the 28X to the airport.  They even have a multi-pickup service for early flights if you are not in time for a regular reservation.
Fabulous service all around. My husband was coming in on a redeye flight from San Diego around 9am on Saturday morning, and just before midnight on Friday, I realized I wasn't going to be able to pick him up. I called First Class Limousine Service around 12:30am and was pleasantly surprised that someone picked up. I ended up speaking to Dave, the owner, and he was able to accommodate my last-minute request.   My husband initially went to the wrong meeting place (on account of his sleep deprivation :) so the company called me asap when he didn't show up right away--I reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and all went well after that. He was very happy with the service and the price. I'd definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport! Thanks everyone!
Excellent service! The driver was first class! Truly was the best car service I have ever experienced. Driver was classy, professional and kind. Great reservation service and very fair price. Do yourself a favor-skip the cab and call this car service. Reliable, professional and great value. Thank you!
Super classy business!! I needed to transfer 12 people from the PIT airport to downtown, and First Class wasn't able to help, because my group was too large.  The owner referred me to a competitor.  Wow, he could have easily told me I needed 2 or 3 of his cars, but he was kind enough to think of the customer.  I was so impressed I did ask him how much would it be for a van (7 pax) and a car, and it wasn't that much more than the competitor's 14 pax van.  I haven't decided if I want to use 3 cars, or 1 car, but I'm glad to know he didn't try to snooker me.  Class act, and I hope that people will consider this company when hiring a vehicle.
I'm not sure what it is about this place that I love so much. I have been eating here for probably 10 years now, and it NEVER disappoints. Its not fancy, its not unique, its not some fantastic restaurant, its a chinese takeout place. But it is delicious! Everything I have ever ordered is good. The general tsos, the chicken with broccoli, the beef with broccoli, the sweet n sour, the teriyaki, etc. etc. But the real treats are the egg rolls and the wonton soup. Their lunch specials are all six or seven bucks and are more than enough food for a big guy like myself. It is also always ready in 10-15 minutes.  Affordable, fast, and delicious.
Everyone's been to Fridays I am sure, but I enjoy the Yucatan Salad it's delicious. My children love Fridays it's usually there 1st choice. I also love the Cajun Chicken & Shrimp Pasta very very good.
Today we dined indoors after a bike ride on the rail trail.  I realized I'd never been inside before, only out on the deck facing the trail/river.  While I love the outdoors and would always choose that first, it wasn't available today so inside we go.  This particular Friday's is nice inside with space between tables.  The one in Monroeville seems quite a bit more cramped.    The purpose of this update is to brag about their burger.  OMG! This was the best burger I've enjoyed for quite some time.  I've been to specific burger joints that just simply try too hard and either I've had bread components that fell apart immediately upon being held or various edible entities on the burger that just didn't go well together or overpowered the burger itself.    Here, I opted for the "your call burger" in which you select a cheese, a spread, and 2 toppings for 11.95 and it comes with fries.  I opted for Smoked Gouda for my cheese, the Truffle Aioli for my spread and Onion-Bacon Jam and Crispy Cajun Onions for my toppings.  Note that the spread comes on the side which is nice as I didn't use very much.    Again, let me rave about it and tell you this is the best burger I've had in a long time.  The burger was moist and juicy and well-complemented by the cheese/toppings/spread/bun.  I ate every morsel plus the fries plus a small side salad and was a happy diner.  That is all.  Thank you.
Was there today and never disappointed service is always high above average! You get waited on fast and was not disappointed with the waiters or waitresses. They leave you alone while you eat and just come by and grab your drink and refill it,
While visiting relatives in Somerset we decided to go shopping in the nearby town of Homestead.  My aunt insisted that we have lunch at Uno's Pizzeria & Grill as the food was delicious.  When we arrived I had to admit that I was impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the place.  It was fairly crowded for a weekday but we were seated in less than ten minutes.  The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering all our questions with ease.  I settled on a Turkey, Bacon and Avocado sandwich and old fashioned tomato soup after looking over the menu several times.  They have a variety of dishes guaranteed to please all ages.  The food arrived in no time and was DELICIOUS!  The portions were just right for lunch, I was definitely ready for an afternoon of shopping.  The four of us had items off the Two for U lunch menu, our bill was less than $30 which meant that I might could afford the shoes I wanted to buy!  My aunt was right, you cannot visit Homestead without stopping to eat at Uno Pizzeria & Grill, it is FANTASTIC!!
It gets 5 stars cause it jogs up a memory. Back before Pizza Hut turned into a fast food restaurant, the Pizza Hut my grandfather used to take me to was a really nice restaurant. And this location has the same look and feel as the old pizza hut before it went take out.   So this is the old style pizza hut.   Very family orientated dining style. You can sit here for hours. And so we did. We had a heap of use in a long table.  I ordered one of the small pizzas which were buy 1 get one free. Disappointed in the selection of that. Seeing other choices... I regretted going on the cheap.   Prices are moderate. 12 for a little pizza... but with all the dough, you get full. Can't say I walked away hungary. Nor did I finish my second mini pizza.   I want to come back and get that spanich fetta looking pizza!
I would write anthems, poems, novels about their pizza.   I've dreamed of their pizza since I was a child. My only encounter with my beloved Uno was when my mother came home with a take out box that she ordered for lunch that day.  I would scarf down the thick wedges of pizza and greedily pick off the loose toppings from the box. The cold 4 hour old pizza has since plagued my mind.  I desperately tried to find an Uno but found that the nearest one had closed down. CLOSED DOWN. My dreams were crushed, my psyche disturbed. I had become a changed person. I wanted more. I needed more. My mother stopped coming home with Uno take out boxes. I stopped eating pizza. I hated the flimsy crusts that were just cheap variants from my beloved Uno, I despised the New york style that you could so easily fold. Feh, I would resign from eating pizza till I had my precious. My precious, my Uno deep dish.   It wasn't until that fated day when I drove past an Uno. The neon lights called out to me, it was like seeing heaven for the first time. I stumbled into the Uno. Dazed, the smell was like nothing I had ever experienced on this green Earth.  There was nothing I could compare it too. I sat down and ordered the Numero Uno with a side of fries.  "No not personal...Regular." I wanted the entire thing, not just a wedge of a dream. I wanted the whole thing.   It came out, steaming. Bubbling. Oozing. Fresh. So fresh. I took a bite - the cheese was perfectly melted. And then another - the dough was so thick and tasteful. And then another - ooh that sausage... Until there was nothing left.   I had achieved my dream. But I will be back for more. I will be back..for my precious.   But the fries were mediocre.
Today was a good day at Uno.     When you join the Uno rewards program, you receive coupons and points. Today was kids eat free for the holiday. The kids menu has an make your own pizza option, which is always a fun activity for them. They also have a choice of a personal pizza(not a make your own), Mac and cheese, tiny Dino chx nuggets, kids sliders, and hot dog, and more. They also had a good choice of sides for them as well. Fries, grapes, broccoli, a side salad, and rice.    The lunch menu is what we ordered from today, which is a must when you go for lunch. They have a pick 2 menu with 3 pick options. $6.99 you can get a choice of endless soup bar with 4 different soups, and a choice of salads. $7.99 you get a choice of endless soup bar and either a pizza of the day or sandwich or a salad. And the 8.99 choices(I didn't make it that far on the menu for choices), I think it was a choice of salad and a choice of either pizza or pasta dish?     The kids personal pizza was about 8 inches and filling. The Mac and cheese was also big and had a side of a breadstick. Both choices were good portion sizes to fill my lil ones bellies.     The honey crisp chicken salad was a dinner size(it was big), with lettuce, tomato, red bell pep, onion, cheddar cheese, little crisps, and crispy chicken tenders, topped with a honey mustard dressing. It was a big portion and very delish. The 2nd choice was a personal deep dish pizza. Very good.    The soup bar today had minestrone, clam chowder, broccoli and cheddar, and tomato. All the soups at the bar were served warm and very tasteful. And the fact that they had tobasco at the bar, won my heart. The second lunch choice was a flat bread prosciutto and arugula. The flat bread was brushed with a garlic and oil, with mozzarella, then the prosciutto and arugula, red bell peppers and topped with a balsamic glaze! It was the regular dinner size and so yum for half the cost!     The amount of food they serve you for the lunch specials is beyond my understanding. I just don't know how they do it. The food was very good and the service was very good as well. This is a definite return choice for lunch again soon. Very pleased!
The service and food here are always on point.  Everything I've tried has been so good.  The desserts, you HAVE to get!!
Since I practically live at the Loft just a couple doors away, I occasionally drop by Bath & Body Works as I'm walking to or from the store. Just a couple days ago, I couldn't resist Bath & Body when I saw their Semi-Annual signs posted out front. Not only did I purchase several candles and a car freshener for the bargain price of $30 total, but I was so impressed by the customer service. The store was buzzing but I was checked on several times. My cashier was just as friendly and also had a lot of product knowledge. I'll definitely return to this location!
If i could give 100 stars i would. Everytime i stop in here the service is phenomenal!
I love this particular LOFT store! Everything is nicely set and the atmosphere is relaxing. The quality of clothes is really good and I do believe it's good value for money. They usually have more chic and classic clothes which I love. The staff is exceptional here. I love that they are really trying to help finding the right clothes for you instead of telling you "how beautiful everything looks on you". I always feel welcomed and I really do appreciate the fact that I am not being approached by a staff member every two minutes (this unfortunately happens in a lot of other stores in this area). This store feels more personal. Combine that with quality and affordable clothes and happy staff members and you definitely have a new regular customer!
Any place that accommodates with a special dietary menu for a little known disease gets five stars from me.  P.F. Chang's has a dedicated Gluten-Free Menu for those of us who suffer from celiac disease.  They also make sure to clean down the area they prepare the specialty dinner so as to avoid cross-contamination.  I don't know many other restaurants that go this far.  Aside from the menu preference, I enjoy my overall experience every time.  Their menu is a bit different than that of what most people will be used to if you regularly eat a Chinese Take-Out or Buffet joints.  Don't expect this to be at all like that.  It's not a Buffet.  They don't sell "General Tso's" (though Chang's Spicy Chicken is recommended for those looking for something similar, it's my personal favorite) or other signature foods that you may expect.  They do sell very similar items with different names and a few of their own adjustments, just make sure to read the menu description and ask questions if you are not sure.  They also sell Sake, I believe they have a few different types.    The prices can get a bit more expensive than your average Chinese Restaurant depending on what you get but it's well worth it.  Portions are excellent and the taste is great.  I've yet to have one complaint and I have frequented this establishment several times over the span of a few years.  The only downside, it can be a little crowded and a bit loud.  It's also very dark because of their lighting.  However, I think it sets the atmosphere.  It can be a romantic place or a casual place, I've been there for both.
We recently went here for a group dinner with friends.  I am unable to eat gluten and my server (Denice) was knowledgable and brought me special sauces as not to irritate my allergies.  She was amazingly accommodating and when my meal was too spicy (which was totally my fault) she got me something else.  I had the GF beef with broccoli and it was amazing.  She was personable and friendly and went beyond expectations to make sure our table enjoyed themselves.  We were there for a while and were all on separate checks.  I've been to eateries before where that was treated with great disdain.  Never once did I feel unwelcome.  I will go out of my way to eat here again.
Great food, great atmosphere, little on the loud side but they have turned down the music since the last time we were here so it's much better, good service.
I will say make a reservation since it's pretty busy on a weekend!  We got seated quickly with a reservation.  Our server was excellent despite how busy it was.  He was also helpful with recommendations and let me sample a couple wines before picking a bottle.  The manager was also great.  We weren't in love with one of the dishes and the manager came out and talked to us about what we were looking for and gave us a complimentary order of what he recommended.  I will say this - they know how to treat their customers. We'll definitely be back :)
Our family loves this restaurant.  My children and I suffer from food allergies.   I have Celiac's Disease and their gluten free selection for a Chinese restaurant is great.  My children are a completely different ball game.  They have a rare disease called Eosinophilic Esophagitus where food attacks their body.  They are very limited on their food selctions due to not being able to consume any food with gluten, soy, eggs, dairy, nuts, tree nuts, fish, shellfish, amd corn.  This restaurant takes special care of my kids by making sure they get chicken that has not gone through the egg wash.  The servers and managers are all trained in how to be careful.  Our favorite manager is Joe and favorite server is Kevin.  Call ahead if you have any questions and they will answer your questions.
This place hit the spot.   Stopped here before a movie and ate at the bar. We got just what we wanted: quick service and some good eats.   I recommend the fried green beans with aioli  -- soooo good! Who knew I liked green beans?! And this trip I tried some sushi and got the spicy tuna roll. Although it was clearly not pieced together by an expert sushi chef, it was extremely fresh and delish (so who cares if it's not beautiful?!)
Good food, good service, and always an enjoyable visit. They forgot to put in our appetizer order but threw it in for free to make it up to us. A good place to catch a meal if you're down around the waterfront.
I used to work here!  Haha, many moons ago tho.  Usually you leave a restaurant job sick of the food and the people but even after I left I still love going in and talking to the staff and getting something to eat and drink and just hanging out.    I'm a Changs Chicken junkie and I can't stay away from it for too long.  The bartenders have always been some of the best I've ever seen no matter how many changes they've gone through and this is one of the few places where even years and years later the same people work and still love it!  Says a lot about the people.    Changs Chicken, Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Pork Won Tons though are the standard fare are always amazing.  Some other excellent dishes are Kung Pao Chicken, Shrimp Dumplings, Mongolian Beef and The Ahi Tuna.  It might be a chain restaurant but this one is one of the strongest links in the chain!
Thank you so very very very much to the management Hallie.  She literally helped me with immediately with an error that was on my gift card.    Also Hallie visited our table during our meal to see if everything and everybody was okay.   Also our server, Aaron, was really helpful and sweet.  I am a very very picky eater.  I don't like onions, garlic, peppers, mushrooms, broccoli, rice, etc.  Aaron was awesome in his help as I selected my food.     Very rarely do  I eat dessert.  I love their  pineapple coconut ice cream.  There banana sprung rolls are good, but the ice cream is to die for.  The two come together.
This is largely a review for Sean, a managing partner at this location. I had gone to this location while in town with my family for the holidays, looking for a non-cooking escape before getting inundated with guests. A few of us ordered the lunch special with soups, my mom had ordered the butternut squash ravioli, and we also got an order of street noodles and started with summer rolls. Everything was great (the street noodles in particular are fantastic), but the service was a bit of a disaster- dishes came out more than 10 minutes apart from each other, a huge mood killer with a big family meal; a few dishes came out dirty; soups didn't come out at all; and our waitress made up excuses and didn't apologize when she had in fact missed some of our orders. We were feeling really ignored and discouraged, until we let Sean know. He took great care of us and went way, way out of his way to make up the experience. I really can't thank Sean enough for making sure we left in a good mood after what could have been a very negative experience. Heaven knows that a positive tone is ESSENTIAL going into the holidays with family!
Great food. I've come to love Pf Chang's when it comes to Chinese food. Never disappoints me. Always a 5/5.
Normally I don't review chain restaurants, but all the negative reviews inspired me to speak up. The service was excellent, the food was exactly what you would expect and want, and the whole experience was great.   I'd never been to a PF Chang's before, and based on all these reviews I almost didn't go this time. But it was awesome! No complaints at all.
Gordons in the Waterfront is exactly what I needed for new shoes after I was allowed to walk again after a fracture in my foot.  The man who waited on me was kind, patient, and even let me know about a sale going on.  The selection and quality of shoes is wonderful.  You won't get cheap shoes here but you will get the best. Worth every cent.
Extremely helpful staff that knows exactly what shoes are comfortable yet stylish. The shoes I bought were high quality and durable. I was extremely impressed by the staff.
I regularly rent cars at Enterprise, the people at the Munhall location are great! The cars are excellent, usually a good selection and fast check in and out.
My family and I were treated well.
This is by far my favorite Panera location in the Pittsburgh area. Friendly, plenty of room to sit, and good quality food & coffee. Panera is a great place to hang out and read the news - they even have free WiFi! Try their toasted sandwiches, especially the chicken bacon dijon.
Amazing amazing place and I really enjoy to eat there and drink the prices they not high, very good service and fast .
Panera is one of our family's favorite restaurants. Everything is great. Kids love bagels and chicken noodle soup. Adults usually order "you pick two". Sandwiches, salad are all very good.
I only allow my dogs to go to Dr. Bezak. I've had a couple Chow Chow's who a lot of vets are afraid of. Doc had a Chow himself so knew what to look out for in the breed. He has taken good care of them over the years.
OMG. Target is my fav store ever. I love the staff they are also so helpful and friendly. They recognize me being there quite often!!! I also greatly appreciate being able to use a target coupon AND a manufacture coupon!!!!!  I save so much money shopping  there and now I save 5% everyday using my target debit card!!!!! Ah I love this store!!!!!!!
Went here last saturday and the service to customers is great. Sure it was busy but workers could be found in almost every department and even anwser questions. I love that. I should say props to Mike, Michelle and Kaitlyn they were so helpful to me. Helped me find Vanilla extract, A DC Comic Charcter i was looking for everywhere and a cologne they didnt have in stock. Bravo loved it, felt like royalty. Tho their starbucks is not so good! hmm oh well not part of target!
OK I know what you're thinking - You're a chick!  Why are you rating MEN'S Wearhouse?!  Well recently the BF and I went shopping for some business friendly clothes for him.  Our "wardrobe expert" (and I feel terrible because I forgot his name) was incredibly friendly and helpful that I couldn't help but think - WHY DON'T THEY HAVE STORES LIKE THIS FOR WOMEN!!?  Someone who helps you - no matter your size or height, finds you the pants that fit your body, the dress shirts, the jackets, etc.  This man was absolutely STELLAR!  Incredibly personable and he knew his job well.  The BF left with exactly what he needed and I may or may not have talked him into a few other items... What can I say, I like a sharp dressed man (cue ZZ Top).  So if you're looking to make your man a little more stud-ly with a jacket, tie, dress shirt, or perhaps a full suit, stop by Men's Warehouse.  You'll be drooling over him in no time ;)
When I go to other pizza places I ask myself "will this be as good as Pizza Companies pizza"?.    I don't understand how this place hasn't gotten Papa Johns big cause rarely do I get a pizza or a sandwich that's inconsistent with the last one I got.  The Steak Untouchables though not Primantis, is the close runner up for my favorite "sandwich with everything on it".  The hoagies are never soggy and this might seem like a small thing but they use shredded lettuce.  I hate when you go somewhere and it's just regular ripped off the head lettuce, not this place.  I do think it's a little expensive but I've watched the prices go up with the economy and their popularity so I'm sure it's justified.    Side tip, go in and get a slice of Pizza, it's a little different than their whole pizzas you order.  It's really good.  Oh yeah, be sure to ask for Longfellow Bones, he's a cook there and a hell of a rapper.  Tell him HITTofMCM sent you.
Had a  great  hoagie  from  here  last  night. Toppings  were  exactly  as ordered and  the  mozzarella  sticks  were  very  good  also. Delivered  in less time  than  I  thought. Good  experience .
I love love love this place. I can honestly say i have never had a bad experience with them. They are very friendly on the phone. Always gets here on a timely matter. We have had most likely everything on the menu. Definitely recommend you to try them out if you're looking for a good and new pizza place to try!!!!!
I've been coming to this DSW approximately every other month over the last year. The Waterfront is my go-to place when I need to do mindless wandering and shopping, and this store has been added to my regular itinerary.   I came here on Friday night needing to zone out and to just try ridiculous amounts of shoes for fun. I headed back to the clearance (unusual for me!) and wow, what a selection! Seychelles summer wedges for $14... Minnetonka suede booties for $50... Both the styles and the prices were spot on! I ended up purchasing a pair of Audrey Brooke summer wedges for $12 along with some Nina silver "wedding" pumps for $30. What bargains!  However, I'm not writing this review update to just talk about fab shoe finds and great deals...    The first several times that I shopped here, customer service was dismal (as mentioned in my previous review). However, the last couple times I've been here, I've seen associates as soon as I walk through the door and been quickly offered assistance. This is a significant difference from what I experienced in the past, and I just had to recognize this store for making positive changes!   Keep up the good work - and the great assortment - and I'll be back often!
This is the best location of the best restaurant in the world. I visit Eat'n Park every chance I get when I come from out of town. I regularly have cravings for this place even after moving out of state years ago.
The workers here are extremely friendly, and the inside is absolutely beautiful.  There is also a playful statue of the famous smiley mascot for people to see and take pictures with it!  Kids love smiley and so do I!  They have so many great items on the menu to choose from that I have trouble deciding!
This company represents a honest and caring company that cares about their community.  They operate a variety of businesses and restaurants including the Eat n Park locations, the new Porch in Shenley, Six and Penn Kitchen, and the new upcoming Hello Bistro.  I cannot wait to try all of their dinning places.
Fow what it is this eat n park really is a lot better then i remember. I also really like and approve of them offering healthier lower calorie option that have some variety and taste good.
Great location!  I love that you can substitute burger with a veggi patti and that they have gluten free bread.  Love love love the smiley cookies :)
This TJ Maxx is quickly becoming a weekly stop for me! The corporate team is definitely giving this store a lot of love with the product that they receive. Lately, I haven't been able to go into this store without spending at least $50-100. Dangerous!  As you walk in, handbags are the first thing you see. Last time I visited the store, I was on a mission -- coffee table decor -- but was quickly sidetracked by a large, briefcase-sized, black leather Michael Kors bag priced half-off the suggested retail price. So tempting... but I forgot about this amazing bag when I stumbled upon two quality sweaters thirty seconds later. One was Design History, which is a brand currently sold at Nordstrom, Saks, Neimans, and Bluefly, for only $25. I also found Adrienne Vittadini flats for $29, Meri Meri cupcake kits for $7, Woodwick candles for $10-12, and a luxurious Tahari throw blanket for $29. I walked out of the store minus $120 in my debit account with at least $300+ of product.  I've also been delightfully surprised by the cleanliness of the store and the fitting rooms and by the friendliness of the staff. I was having an issue with my debit card while there, and the two associates that I worked with were very helpful and understanding about the issue.  I'll definitely be going back in the next week or two to see what amazing new deals they'll have then!
No pictures!  I knew I should have taken my camera!  My aunt and I went there today for Mother's day.  I think we must have gotten the lunch menu because everything looked pretty cheap (I've been to the one in Columbus).  My aunt had a chicken dinner (grilled chicken, green beans and potatoes with butter) and I had their Shanghai sampler which had a couple of shrimp, a couple of scallops and a nice piece of salmon, all done perfectly.  We didn't order dessert since my aunt had made my favorite pumpkin pie!  Anyway, dinner was great, and so was the service, thus the five stars!
A very nice meal in a very nice restaurant  PROS: Very good food interesting choices--not your typical red lobster crap Great service Very clean (restrooms, included)  CONS: n/a
This place has great seafood. The best in the area. I come here for seafood every time. Everything on their menu is good. Their menu changes all the time depending on what was in season. Appetizers are amazing like the raw oysters.  Their clam chowder is the best. Really creamy with lots of clams. Wonderful restaurant. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. We love coming to this restaurant. Don't forget a reservation on weekends. You will not get a table and will probably wait an hour or two if you don't have one. We never get to the dessert. Always too full to eat dessert.   Forgot to take pictures.
Delightful! After biking on the river trail that led us to the Waterfront, we zoomed past what looked like a wonderful patio situation at Mitchell's, right on the river. We parked our bikes and were seated promptly at the patio. The waitress even filled our water bottles for us! The interior of the restaurant is very nice, sea-themed, and clean. The decor is really tasteful and classy. The outside was perfect. It was Sunday afternoon and the weather was gorgeous. Looking out to a serene part of the river is fabulous as well. Our waiter was professional, knowledgeable and friendly. We decided just on a few drinks and an app. The two drinks my bf ordered were AMAZING. The first, muddled basil, grapefruit juice and vodka (I forget the name). SO refreshing! the basil was flavorful and tasted awesome with the grapefruit juice. The second he got was a frothy pineapple-vodka with a huge fresh chunk of pineapple inside. Both were winners. I stuck with a fairly priced white wine but got to test his fun drinks :) The app we got was the Hawaiian Seared Ahi Tuna and it was delicious as well. It was a pretty decent size to split, and came with sushi rice, a red onion/cucumber relish, ginger and wasabi. I believe the tuna was also drizzled with ponzu. It was so good - definitely recommend! My bf couldn't help himself so he also ordered a cup of lobster bisque, which I don't eat, but he said it was very good. He also polished off some of the warm bread loaf that accompanied our meal. This place definitely earns the stars and I had no idea it was even a chain. The waiter said they were expanding, so hopefully the quality and service don't go down. I also checked out the rest of the menu and they use quality ingredients and the prices really aren't bad (it was the lunch menu - I'm sure the dinner menu is pricier.) I felt like I was on vacation and I'll definitely be back!
We went here for Valentines Day after some traffic downtown made us miss our reservation somewhere else. We both loved it. The calamari is outstanding and if you get there before 7, they run happy hour which is half off apps and $3 beers.   I had filet and crab cake and it was delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly and the crabcake was a good size. Atmosphere was good and busy but that is likely because of it being Valentines day. Despite the busyness, the wait staff was very attentive.  My wife's steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to a perfect medium level. We will def be back.
The service is great and friendly. I got the baked spinach and artichoke dip and it was superb. I love the fresh, right out of the oven bread too. I got the Atlantic salmon, and it was probably the best fish I have ever tried. Listened to other yelpers suggestion of the shang hai preparation, and they were right. Just make sure you make a reservation! Best seafood restaurant in da burgh!
I went here for dinner as i wanted to have a nice dinner. The tuna was excellent. I asked for it grilled and it came out perfect. The only issue is that the raspberry tea does not have free refills but the unsweetened ice tea is free. I was VERY pleased with the dessert as the chocolate cake was very good. The waiters were top notch.
absolutely delicious. wonderful service.
Beautiful decor. Very genuine staff. Very clean washrooms. Delicious food. I tried the market trio. The blackened tilapia was nice with a little bit of spice. This is a great place for a seafood lover.
My husband and I went to Mitchell's last summer for our wedding anniversary. We both took a half day at work and we arrived in the early afternoon (after lunch but before the dinner crowd). I can't say enough about this place...we have gone here on a few occasions and I've always been please with everything.   Pros: Nice friendly waitress, who took some time to take our picture (since it was our anniversary), food was excellent and not extremely overpriced, restaurant and bathrooms were clean!  Cons: None on this visit or any previous visits
First I would like to say that I was hesitant coming to another fish place recommended by some temporary coworkers since the last place they sent me to made terribly ill.  That being said, I came here and was delighted by my server Michael who was not only friendly but incredibly attentive and very sharp.  I originally ordered the Mahi Mahi but alas, the ran out upon my ordering, in which case the manager promptly came to ask me for another upgraded selection at no additional charge. Hence, the tuna.  Now the tuna was amazing. Seared almost perfectly, with the rare flavor still intact.  I would most definitely come back again and if I lived in the area, this would be one of my top spots.
Went for dinner Friday evening with friends and sat at the outdoor patio. It is so nice and relaxing there with the river and bike trail. The sourdough bread they serve is always hot and fresh. The Chilean sea bass just melts in your mouth, it was awesome. The Cod stuffed with shrimp and lobster was also very good. I had the carrot cake for dessert, it is big enough for 3 people. It was so delicious. My friend had the creme  brûlée, which she said was very good. I was here 3 times this summer and every meal was excellent.
My family and I go here whenever there is a special occasion and for good reason. The food is fantastic and the service cannot be beat, at least not when it's coming from the Governor or Kennedy. Best servers in the 'burgh!! I took my Dad there last weekend for his 70th birthday, didn't tell anyone that it was a special night out, but they treated us with such attention, accommodating our needs to a T. Kennedy adjusted meals to fit our taste, suggested things based on what we were looking for, took at least 10 minutes with us going over the menu...I could go on, but needless to say, it was just a fabulous meal and was worth every penny. We got the king crab and bacon wrapped shrimp to start, lobster bisque soup, cedar plank salmon, Chilean sea bass, and a fish medley made to order. We also always get the 7 layer carrot cake, which to me is the best cake anywhere in town.  A must go for anyone looking for an amazing meal and excellent service. But be sure and ask for Kennedy, he's a real dude.
Have been here a few times. The wait staff is always top notch and food is very good. I had the steak and lobster tail. Steak was a perfect medium rare and the lobster was also cooked well. Oysters as an app. they appeared fresh and tasted how they should. Overall like in the past we had a great experience at mitchells which is not something I always expect from a chain.
Excellent fresh seafood. Good vegetables. Good service. Best place to eat on Waterfront.
One of our favorite special occasion restaurants. Five stars for atmosphere. We enjoy the patio and the dining room. The food is superb and the service is also very good. Birthday and anniversary desserts on the house but no hassles like singing or incessant questions about the reason for your visit. One pointer/ don't go on Valentines without a reservation, but the same is true everywhere.
I am never disappointed when visiting this restaurant!! The food and the quality service is second to none!!
They we're so accommodating for my daughter that doesn't like seafood. The food and service was very good.
This place is fantastic! If you are a frequent traveler and looking for FRESHLY made food this is the place!! It's a quick walk from the hotels next door.  Highly recommend!
Mitchells is a great place to get fresh seafood vs some of those national chain places. I have been there 6 times and never had a bad meal. It is a little more expensive but worth it. Chillean sea bass was $35 which is in line with other places that have it. Talapia is about $27. The atmosphere reminds me of some of the seafood places at the ocean.
I was here to celebrate Valentine's Day. Yes, some of their dishes are a little bit pricier, BUT it is great for special occasions and well worth it in that regard. The fish was super fresh (don't worry, they have steak options!). I also had to try the lobster mac & cheese-- no complaints from me! Great restaurant for seafood and special occasions
Great food The staff is super nice... Nice to meet up for a quick dinner/meetings with coworkers .. Great for happy hour Nice mature laid-back crowd... And date night is a must here...  So check this place out my yelpers
I love old navy clothing, it's vintage styling with good prices. Great jeans too, I love the painter's jeans.
This store is laid out better than any other Old Navy I've been to before.  It was so easy to quickly find everything we were looking for.  The staff was also very friendly. If only all Old Navy stores were like this one...
I have frequented this store for years.  Steelers and pirates jerseys.  Under armor and workout clothes.  Prices can be a little high but quality is very good.  Have also purchased running paraphernalia, weights etc. They also have a varied assortment of camping equipment, hunter's gear and camo.   Convenient waterfront location.
Excellent family owned pizza spot. The owners are so nice and always accommodating. The food is great and always what we expect. My daughter loves that they have tv in the dining area. The outside patio is decorated very well and its nice to sit outside for a few after you fill up on pizza. Great staff great food would recommend to anyone!
I have eaten here my whole life. Great people and great food. I highly recommend their Italian hoagies. It's the only place I will eat one from.  All the food is delicious though.
This is the best bike store I've walked into.  Their primary focus is on racing bikes, but (as I'm not a racer) the service stays top notch in much lower price ranges.  Got greeted by the staff, and my girlfriend and I got the luxury of absolutely no pressure as we walked around and looked at bikes.  She explained what she was looking for, and the staff explained what they had and what price range she was looking at.  I wound up talking to another person working there, and let them try to find a bike that fit.  (I'm 6'8", and as I found out, fit pretty well on an XXL Scott 65cm frame.)  Anyways, back to my girlfriend's experience.  What impressed me was after they had a bike they thought was a winner, they let her go on a test ride around the neighborhood there.  And then when she came back in two minutes, told her that wasn't ideal, and sent her back out, with instructions to take the second left and try it on a hill.  After she figured out yes, that was the bike, the guy spent at least half an hour fitting the bike to her; he wound up switching out the stem, adding a seat with a little more travel, and getting everything just so.  There was no hurry.  There was no pressure.  The amount of interest that the staff showed in getting each person the just-so fit gets five stars; if you want a bike that fits, it's worth it to browse here.  And, update: I went out the other day, and asked for a price on a bike costing about 25% of the bike I tooled around on there two weeks ago.  Without batting an eye, and without a hint of bike snobbery, the owner ran off to figure out what it'd cost me.  I talked to him about the differences between a double and triple, and he spent twenty minutes explaining the pros and cons, and gave a strong suggestion on the double.    That said, the price he quoted me was also 10% under the price quoted by another shop on the same exact bike.  I asked for the price of an upgrade to a single part on the new bike, and he quoted me about half the price I expected from doing research on the internet.    Customer-friendly, well priced, super-high-quality bicycles.  A+++.   Edit, 4 years later:   Glen, Beth, and the rest of the crew here are still there, and still awesome.  My girlfriend is now my wife.  My lowend Trek road bike now has more miles on it.  :-)  It's still a much longer drive to get to Big Bang, but for any work on my bike, I'm glad to make the drive.  Friends have terrific luck with Pittsburgh Pro, which is nearer,  and I'll occasionally stop there on a ride; that said, for drop-off-the-bike work, Big Bang is my absolute go-to.
This is the best experience I've had at a bike store in the Pittsburgh area.  I have been shopping around for a couple months for a new road bike (which was going to be my first road bike ever, meaning that I'm fairly clueless about how to pick one out).  Also, since I'm a student, I don't have particularly deep pockets.  At Big Bang, I was greeted basically the moment I walked in the door.  I'm kind of shy when I know that I don't really know what I'm doing, but I wasn't pressured or harassed in any way by the staff.  Even though my price range was pretty low, they still tried their hardest to find a bike that suited my needs, and they found a bike that fitted me perfectly (and gave me an *excellent* deal on the price).  They take a lot of care to make sure you're properly fitted to the bike.  Also, this is one of the few bike stores I've been to where test riding is gleefully encouraged, rather than grudgingly allowed.  Definitely it's the only bike store where they'll tell you "You haven't tried it out enough, go climb up the hill on  it!" -- they definitely put the emphasis on matching rider with bike, rather than making a quick sale.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a road bike, whether they're a seasoned racer or a neophyte rider like me.
I wrote this review right after I had bought my bike.  I would like to update to reflect further experiences I've had with BBB.  So, first of all, one of the shifters on my bike turned out to be defective (not super-unusual for the Shimano short-reach shifters, also totally not the shop's fault -- these things happen).  Since it was covered under warranty, BBB switched it out for a new set of shifters, at no cost to me.  I had my bike back in a couple days, no muss no fuss.  My husband got a used road bike from Craigslist, and we brought it in for a tuneup.  The bike had several things wrong with it, due to a shoddy assembly job, and BBB basically took the entire bike apart and rebuilt it, cleaning it and replacing various worn-out bits.  I can't remember the total cost of this, but it was under $100.  I would totally recommend BBB, due to their general awesomeness.  I haven't had any of the tuneup-related woes that other people have had with this shop, even when bringing in a bike that I haven't bought there.
I created an account just to review this shop, it's that awesome.  This is by far the premier shop in all of western PA, and arguably the state.   Glenn the shop owner is one of the most knowledgeable men in the U.S. when it comes to cycling.  Having spent time in Europe, and with some of the biggest names in the industry, he truly knows what he's talking about.  Furthermore; he's a pleasure to talk to, incredibly friendly and passionate as anything about the sport.  As for bike fitting, this is the only shop I would go to, Glenn's knowledge and background can't be competed with, and he is incredibly thorough.  Yes, they equipment is expensive, but that's a result of the quality they carry..not them setting prices high. Cycling is expensive, end of story.   If you're looking to pick up your next huffy, go to walmart. If you want a quality bike that is going to fit you, and operate perfectly: go to big bang.
When you walk out of Big Bang Bikes you know you are buying a bike that fits YOU!  Glenn is amazing and he will help you reach your specific goals!  He has amazing passion and knowledge to make you more efficient and comfortable.  The best bike shop...by far.  Great prices and service.  We live in the north and won't hesitate to make the extra drive for anything bike related.
This place is the absolute BEST to purchase a bike! I have been searching for a bike for a while now and every place I have gone to have not been NEAR has helpful as Glenn.  The one guy in the shop helped pick me a bike for what I needed and Glenn fit me perfectly to the bike. They also helped me with the bike rack on my car and changed my bike saddle for me! Ohhhh and they gave me the best price on the bike and accessories!!!  Wonderful service. Absolutely will go back! ... Can't wait!
I've got to be honest, I don't think I've ever been as blown away by customer service as I was here. I went in about half an hour before closing, was not rushed at all. I basically just walked in and said I was interested in a road bike but knew very little about them (I'm a MTBr). I was helped by Glenn, who, within two minutes, had me sitting on a bike, measuring me and adjusting things, and explaining the physics behind positioning and angles and the difference between the male and female physique on a road bike. At no point did he try to upsell anything (in fact, he didn't even ask me about a budget). He just gave me a few things to think about before I invest in something new. He was very obviously focused on getting me the product that will give me the most efficiency and power for my needs. So very impressed...this is absolutely where I will be buying my bike.
If you're in the market for a high quality bike, whether it be road, mountain, racing, or hybrid, go to see Glenn at BBB.  It's very clear that he loves his shop and his job.  I explained my needs and preferences to him and he quickly fitted me with a bike that suited my needs.   I actually bought my Trek 7300 over 3 years ago and I absolutely love it!  He sells only the highest quality bikes and equipment.  Highly recommended.
My experience at Big Bang Bicycles was what I have been looking for in the western Pa. area. I have been looking for trusted advice concerning a new road bike and proper fitting during the purchase process.  I am 6'4" and I found out quickly that regardless of the time of the year, it was very difficult to find a shop which stocked bikes of quality that I could properly test ride.  Big Bang and owner Glenn couldn't have been more patient of all my questions and concerns.  His knowledge is remarkable and he took his time fitting me and explaining the process. He had several bikes I could demo in my size.  After deciding on a model to order Glenn, Craig, and Samson who I had the pleasure of working with, continued to help me through ordering the bike, getting it assembled upon delivery, and taking a significant amount of time going through the bike with me and how to maintain it properly. The shop has an amazing variety of helmets, clothing, and other things that a cyclists might want to purchase. Even though I live in the north hills, if I need anything from service to merchandise, I will not hesitate to go to Big Bang Bicycles.  Glenn and the others that work at the shop are well worth the trip.
I am a novice rider looking to customize my bike and very intimidated to walk into the shop. Glen and the staff answered all of my questions and made it so easy to make my riding experience more comfortable. I would recommend this shop to bicyclist of any experience level!
I've lived in 3 cities before coming to Pittsburgh, and I have not received service anywhere better than this place. Their prices and selection are unparalleled elsewhere in the city. The mechanics are certainly the best. and the beuty about this place is they treat everybody with utmost respect - I was treated like I was a pro day 1, even though I am novice in every sense of the word  My only gripe initially was the location, but after coming here several times, I understand why this is the Mecca of bicycles not only in Pittsburgh, but whole Western PA.   Keep up the good work guys
This place is a gem. Always helpful, high quality, and great workmanship. This is a great bike shop for any level of rider.
I've ridden, trained on and/or raced bicycles for 30 years and during that time, I've purchased bikes and/or parts from no less than 20 different shops and websites. So it is with a great deal of experience that I can say, with confidence, that this is the best shop I've ever stepped foot (or cleat) in.   I purchased a new bike and had 3 other bikes serviced there in a short period of time. Glenn, Craig and the ENTIRE team effectively demonstrated technical expertise, a passion for the sport and most importantly, a deep respect for their customers. I not only witnessed it myself but witnessed it with other customers while I was waiting.   Whether you're new to the sport or a long time cyclist seeking a new and better experience, there simply is no better shop than Big Bang. Their selection, access and overall service is simply unreal. Enjoy this place, it's a treat.
The service here was fantastic. I've found my new bike shop. I got great help and advice at no charge when they could've taken advantage of me and charged me a high cost for no real benefit (many places would do just that). In the future I will be purchasing from this shop and recommending them to others.
My experience at Big Bang Bikes was fantastic.  I was there to shop for my first road bike, and Glenn (and his entire staff) were extremely helpful and knowledgeable about anything bike related, from biking geometry and fit all the way down to water bottle cages.  I'll be coming here moving forward for bike maintenance, to purchase accessories and upgrades, and will recommend this shop to anyone.
Maybe nicest upper levels bike shop nationwide here. Most helpful staff, Glen. Beautiful high end bikes and equipment. This is a must do place for the enthusiastic rider.
What, you haven't been to Bellisario's yet? This is about the only red sauce pizza I ever get a craving for, and boy howdy is it good. The crust is on the thin side and ever so crisp on the bottom, while still having enough dough on the edge to provide a nice chewy bit at the end of your slice. The dough itself is flavorful, not too... well, doughy. The sauce is great, and they don't drown the pizza in it. There's just enough cheese; not so much it's an overwhelming grease slick and not so little you can't tell it's there. If you can go while Mama's working, all the better.  You can eat in here; they have four or five booths and generations worth of family photos on the walls. Two of us split a small (8-cut) pizza with one topping ($9) and with our two cans of pop we were out for $10. You can't beat that. And I'd put Bellisario's pizza up against any in the city.  I grew up a five minute walk away. My mom loved Bellisario's and I have a lot of fond memories of walking through the alley to pick up a cheese pizza to bring home, my mom being too dollar-conscious to pay for delivery when there were perfectly able-bodied children around to go pick it up. Every time I have a slice, it brings back great memories. But I've had outside confirmation that it really is as awesome as I think it is.  It's a little divey, stuck in the back of an old shopping plaza, but it's perfect. If you're in West Mifflin (say, going to Kennywood), drive over and eat a pizza. They've also got hoagies and calzones, and I think that's about it. But with pizza this good, who cares?
This FBO may not look like much on the outside considering it's housed in a double wide trailer next to a cemetery, but once you are inside everything changes. This FBO is staffed by very friendly counter and ramp people and it is surprisingly nice inside. Two bathrooms with full showers and a couple of quite areas for the weary pilot or passenger are but a few of the nice touches here. Crew cars and cheap fuel make this the airport of choice when flying into Pittsburgh.
One of the best FBOs when flying to Pittsburgh. Fuel is cheap, they have a crew car (A Jeep Compass) that they let you use for free on a first-come, first serve basis for a few hours.   Landing fees are waived with fuel purchase. Overnight parking is $15 for a typical single engine plane. The staff is super nice; they have coffee, cherries and cookies for you inside and it's so close to downtown Pittsburgh!  There are two FBOs at AGC and every pilot I've talked to recommends going to Voyager for fantastic service. After my very brief flight there, I agree wholeheartedly! I can't wait to go back and bring my wife for a Pittsburgh weekend getaway.  It looks a little beat up, because as the previous reviewer mentioned...it's housed in a double wide trailer, but the facilities are modern inside and they are doing some construction/expanding, so I have a feeling it will change quite a bit soon!
I have been looking for 3 years for good crab rangoon - I finally found it!!!  We had boneless ribs that were absolutely wonderful.  Definitely going back!!!
Best menu best food in Pittsburgh! Thank goodness I only live 5 min away!
Ok this is my first yelp review, I never left any reviews for other restaurants, but I am writing it because I want others to know about this place more.  Restaurant run by family. very friendly, clean cooking environment, and Great food. I would come to this place again and again whenever I visit Pittsburgh.  Its less than 10min drive from Kennywood, if you are visiting Kennywood you should definitely try this place.
Great food, service and prices. It's in a not so great part of town, but lock your doors and it's definitely worth it. Best baked goods in the area! Try the almond torte!!
Thanks to Darren's sis Jessica, we had some excellent cookies for our housewarming party. I liked ths sugar cookies with the jimmies best and the half-dipped chocolate chips, but they were all good. It's too bad about the area in which it is though.
Came here from PGH for the first time.  This bakery is legit.  I bought some Rye bread and Italian 5 grain.  Delicious.  A strange snickerdoodle thing with pink frosting.  Delicious. Chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate, extra chewy and humongous.  Delicious.  And a sweet old lady serving em up.  The best.  Delicious.
Absolutely the best bakery I've been in ever! The cookies are delicious. The nut rolls. & coffee cakes are heaven. Put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte. It is extremely memorable. I will dream about Minerva's delicacies until I return to visit the Burgh again. Btw - the staff is the best.
It sounds crazy to drive to Mckeesport for a cookie but Minerva is the BEST! Cookies and pies are incredible. Cakes are lovely and the pastries are worth the workout to get rid of them.   They have a wide selection and now take credit cards. Its worth calling ahead on the holidays. This is not the Giant Eagle, sometimes they sell out.
The cake was delicious! This bakery is one of oldest and best bakeries in the area. Service was great and prices were even better. Freshly made, just ready to be eaten!:)
Excellent service and excellent baked goods! The staff is so nice! Love everything there including their fabulous sandwich rolls!  I wish they would make a website and also update their facebook page so more people can find out about them!
Minerva has awesome cakes! They are cash only. Stop and pick up a delicious cake! I have been enjoying this bakery my entire life!
This place is SUCH a GEM!!!! You can taste the love in every item that they make.   3 generations of my family have gotten our wedding cakes from here, and I really hope they're around for my future children to order from.   Their icing is next level and perfect. Their donuts are perfect. Everything is perfect pretty much. You won't be disappointed.
We got our wedding cake here back in 2008, and it was AMAZING. The woman that worked with us on design, size, flavor, etc. was extremely helpful and patient. The cake came out beautifully, and was delicious! Since then, nothing I've tasted holds a candle to Minerva's.
Our go-to for birthday cakes.  The pepperoni rolls are great.  Very comfortable atmosphere, feels like you're in grandma's kitchen.
This bakery been here over 100 years they make the best cakes in the Mon Valley, The ladies of Will have you laughing to tears and the thing I like they're the most is the freshly cut bread and there quarter sheet cakes so tasty so delicious so good.
A delicious neighborhood gem about 5 blocks from the hospital. My favorites are the brownies and creme horns, and pumpkin pies in season, in about 3 sizes go fast.  Sometimes if you go near closing, they will pop in an extra brownie or cookie. The burnt almond torte is as good as Prantl's.
You have never had a pierogie until you've driven out to McKees Rocks and picked up a dozen or so from Pierogies Plus. Made primarily by Polish and Ukranian immigrants, these are probably the most authentic/delicious pierogies you can buy in the states.   If the only pierogies you've ever had were the frozen Mrs. T's you got at Giant Eagle, do yourself a favor and check Pierogies Plus out.
Years after the first reviewer came here, the quality is still great and deserving of more than 5 stars.  The people who work here and run this place are super friendly and really know their craft. The main owner took my order once and gave me some tips on how to cook the frozen pierogies at home. They turned out ok, but not as good as getting them fresh from the store.   It can be a bit of a drive from anywhere that's not McKees Rocks (Google Maps takes you through the hood) but it's worth it.
These are the best pierogies EVER!  My favorite is the jalapeno pierogie, which is not that spicy, but has excellent flavor.  It is such a treat to get these when I'm back in town!
Love butter? Then get thee to Pierogies Plus.  I live in St. Louis, and it seems like the only pierogi I can find are in my grocer's freezer. Oh, but when I go home to Pittsburgh, I can have as much of the chewy, flavorful, buttery goodness as I desire from Pierogies Plus.  The place still looks like an old service station with a tiny building and a roof over an old gas pump island. Inside, though, magical elves... uh... I mean fabulous Polish women... create deliciousness with love -- and butter. Have I mentioned that butter is a part of the deal? Because it totally is. You really should fast for two days before picking up pierogi from here.  Oh, but you'll be happy you did. I'm vegetarian, so I only order meat-free pierogi. I'm in love with the saurkraut and the cheese varieties. When you pick up a hot order, you'll get your pierogi covered in with rich butter and sauteed onions. No, I'm serious -- the pierogi are SWIMMING in butter. It's the best thing ever. Everything is packed inside a styrofoam container and a plastic bag, because butter WILL spill out.  You also can order cold or frozen pierogi if you plan to, say, lug them to the middle of the country to enjoy in a far-off city.  Besides many varieties of pierogi, you also can get things from the deli cases. Last time, I had some apricot blintzes, a latke and some type of apple turnover thingy. I really hope Pierogies Plus has the blintzes when I visit next.  Awesome thing: Pierogies Plus usually has coupons in the Entertainment Book. My best friend and I steal all of the coupons from our families so that I can get a steady stream of discounted Polish goodness each time I visit.  The only downside is that Pierogies Plus often closes for several days around holidays. I totally understand it -- family time is important! -- but that often coincides with my visits (I head east around the holidays mainly because I get an extra day with the fam without having to take another vacation day). I've learned to plan my trips around the Pierogies Plus schedule, though, because I MUST have yummy goodness. A pierogi-less Allison is a cranky Allison.
These pierogies are one of my favorite things in the world. They're freakin' amazing. The potato and jalapeno ones are my favorite. And I definitely think it's worth it to drive all the way out to McKees Rocks to get them. I like to get them frozen, and bring them home and smother them in butter.
Little ladies, sitting in the back of a renovated gas station perched precariously at the top of a hill, making pierogies and cooking them to perfection in butter and onions... it almost sounds like a strange Pittsburgher fairy tale, but this is no tale - the finest pierogies I've ever eaten emerge from the back of that gas station, and my Polish girlfriend even confirmed that these are better than some of her family's goods.  While in line I met folks from Rhode Island, Kentucky, and North Carolina, who all had come to McKees Rocks in their rental cars straight from the airport before even going to see their families - that is dedication and commitment to some seriously delicious pierogies. After enjoying a dozen of these filling, savory, perfect pierogies, I think once I move away from here I will be making that same trip to Pierogies Plus myself.
My coworkers and I left our office in Crafton, headed for Pierogies Plus. The journey there took us past bizarre, abandoned-looking buildings, and roads that suddenly ended in cement blockades. The area is prime for use as the setting of a slasher flick.   BUT, the weird drive is totally worth it. Pierogies Plus is so legit.   The setting is reminiscent of Seinfeld's 'Soup Nazi': tiny interior, people standing in line shoulder-to-shoulder, and a lady behind the counter brusquely taking orders. Oh, and make sure you order your 'rogies "hot" if you're planning on eating them soon! Otherwise, you get 'em frozen. (There's a slight up-charge for the hot ones, btw -- electricity ain't free!)   They were out of the plain potato and the potato and cheese varieties when we were there, so I had the platter with pierogies and kielbasa. I opted for the sauerkraut pierogies, and they were SO good! The interior was filled with sauerkraut mixed with potatoes, as opposed to many other sauerkraut pierogies I've had that were filled with only kraut. I definitely prefer the potato/kraut mix! They were also drowning in butter and onions. Like, serious, serious butter - Paula Deen has nothin' on these ladies' butter usage. The kielbasa was awesome, too! I also sampled their haluski and it was the best I've ever had. Tons o' butter, seasoned with generous amounts of salt 'n' pepper, and there was quite a bit of sautéed onions in the mix, which added even more flavor.   A few things to note: They have coupons you can print out on their website, but you must cut them out if you're gonna bring 'em in and use them! You cannot just hand them the whole piece of paper. If you want to order a special variety, they need 2 days advance notice (check their site to see what the 'special' ones are). They do accept credit cards, with a $10 min. Yes, some of the ladies are not the friendliest, but the food is so good, they can be like that, and you'll still come back for more!  And, parking is quite limited there. Pretty sure the building is a converted service station. :)  All in all, these pierogies are some of the best I've ever had, and I will definitely be back very soon!
Update: Get. The. Italian. Sausage. Pierogies. Holy crap. It will change your freaking life!
As a skeptical out of towner, I was pretty wary after the hotel bellhop suggested this off the beaten path place. However this place far exceeded my expectations. We bought an assorted dozen of pierogies and they were all delicious (my favorites being the jalapeños pierogi and the bacon/potato pierogi).  A great find and an excellent place for someone out of town to try out pierogies!
Best pierogies in tahn!    I usually just go with the standard potato and cheese but I've also tried a few of the other pierogies and some of the plus.  These pierogies can't be beat.  Made by hand with love in the traditional old world style, I have yet to find better.  It's amazing to get there at 10:55am, 5 minutes before they open and see the mad rush of people getting pierogies.  By 11am, the line is already out the door.  Always a good sign.  They serve their pierogies hot, cold or frozen.  I always go with the hot because nothing beats pierogies bathing in butter and onions.  And here at Pierogies Plus, they are definitely worth the wait.
Just finished a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV - always look forward to Pierogies Plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet!
Apricot with cream cheese, who would have thought...love this place, love it so much.  Print the 10% off coupon on their website before going in.   Make sure u print it out, they will not accept it other wise.
Pierogies Plus has the most amazing customer service I have ever encountered  I wanted to send my sister, who lives in Pittsburgh, a care package after she had a bad fall. I normally put together my own, but I was too busy, and I wanted to make sure it was just as special. The wonderful people at Pierogies Plus made sure my sister had a delicious surprise, and they were wonderful and kind every time I called.  My sister and brother-in-law raved over the pierogies, and my sister was absolutely delighted by the dessert apricot ones! (They received them fresh the evening they were made, and then froze the rest -- fresh and frozen were both delish!) I cannot recommend this place enough!    TLDR: Go buy your pierogies here!
This place has some amazing homemade pierogies! I had never eaten anything besides the usual Mrs. T.'s potato types and boy, was I missing out! We stopped one night and got a some potato/cheddar and some sauerkraut/potato. You can buy them hot or take them home cold. There is a small table outside to eat, but only standing room to order inside.  They had special order pierogies that sounded amazing, but they suggest a 2 day advance order for those. They said sometimes they will have leftover specialty ones for sale, but it all depends on the day.   They also have haluski, stuffed cabbage and other things that I am looking forward to trying next time.
My mother is 80+ years old and now lives in New York but she grew up outside of Pittsburgh.  Her parents were Czech and our annual vacations to visit my grandparents were wonderful - filled with family dinners including stuffed cabbage, peirogies, and haluski.  Now that my mother is older and lives alone making things like stuffed cabbage is difficult for her.  I saw Peirogies Plus featured on the Food Network years ago and decided to send my mom an assortment for her birthday.  When her package arrived she called me immediately and said "Where did you get this food???".  This is the real deal - traditional, authentic, ethnic food.  The gift I sent took my mother back to her own mother's kitchen.  It's the comfort food to beat all comfort foods - it also takes me back to my childhood all those summers ago!  I'm ordering again for my mother's birthday.  The only "problem" now is that I have to order enough to include my brothers and sisters who mysteriously show up at my mother's house once the rumor that the package has arrived makes the rounds.
This little former gas station makes some incredibly delicious pierogies. Order ahead for big holidays - we order several dozen every year for Easter and the take out line stretches out the door all day on Good Friday. I particularly like the apricot and cream cheese and the prune varieties. Potato and cheddar are great, too, of course!
WARNING: ADDICTING POTATOE VERSION OF CRACK -----CHEAP, frozen, cold or hot.  PARKING SUCKS on busy route 51 mckees rocks only enough room for approx 6-8 cars. SUPER BUSY best time to come is between 1pm-4pm------g8 food.  Outside in good weather there is a couple little tables to sit at., but not during the winter/early spring.  MOST CUSTOMERS ARE TO GO TAKE HOME . hours monday 11-6, tues-friday 11-7 -----   closed sat/sun
Yummy! I've never tried Polish food aside from a sausage. I have to say it was really good. The ladies that worked there were very nice. The only down side it took a while to get my food. I think it's made to order. Regardless, when I received my food it was streaming hot. Let's just say for me it was worth the wait.
Best pierogies I've ever had.  And, seeing as how I'm from Pittsburgh.... that's a lot.  The apricot and cream cheese pierogies are amazing!!!  GO.
Great food!  I have been eating at Pierogies Plus since they opened.  Great food all around!  The Halupki and Halushki are awesome as well as the Pierogies.
We went way out of our way on a long road trip to stop here, and it was worth it. It's just one of those funky little neighborhood spots that does a great job at its specialty. Ordering was a little awkward but we got through it. We didn't mind sitting in the crappy little outdoor seating area--it was better than getting back in the car.
There was a time when you insisted on getting your Pierogies from the churches. They were authentic recipes made with love by church ladies. Pierogies Plus hires church ladies, and it's a lot easier than buying from churches. Seriously, they ship Pierogies all over the world, and their product is the gold standard. Plan some extra time, because this is not fast food. The counter always seems slow to me, they do things their own way, but now I find it rather charming.   They have some coupons on their website, and there have been Groupon deals in the past, so check for those.  Bottom line, the Pierogies are amazing and authentic.
I love these. I would eat the whole dozen in one sitting if I could. The apricot cream cheese ones are delicious!
Have really been missing home and recently had pierogies and haluski shipped all the way to Alabama. Shipping costs were pretty substantial, and the cooling system was VERY borderline in terms of how long it lasts, but everything looked so amazing that I was willing to chance it. :) Price wise, I think shipping is absolutely worth it as along as you order two or more of everything. Everything was so great--maybe even better than my Busha used to make! Will definitely be ordering again and again.
Go hungry!!  The meals are huge!  We found this place before we visited the Pittsburgh area and wanted to add it to our list of places to eat.  We were only doing mom and pop type restaurants for our vacation, no major chain restaurants.  This place fit the bill perfectly!  Like I said the meals are huge and delicious.  We got there right before closing but they still served us with a smile.  We had the #2 and the #7, both were yummy.  Those pierogies couldn't have had any more filling in them, they are packed with goodness.  This was the first time we have ever had Haluski, it was awesome.  We also had the nut horns for dessert.  Buy some for the car ride home!  There are a few seats outside the shop but it is mostly carry out.  Also don't let the neighborhood scare you, the food is worth it!!
Good food, great staff.  Always friendly always clean very consistent.   The breakfast sandwich is awesome.
On a random Sunday morning I went in search of a good breakfast spot.  I decided to explore the McKees Rocks neighborhood and came upon Marge's Place.  I hadn't heard much about this place, but after reading the few reviews I could find, I decided to give it a try.    Inside, it's bigger than I expected but still has that down home diner feel.  My guess is that most of the people there were regulars.  The wait staff was friendly to those they knew but also welcoming to me, someone they had never seen before.  I picked a table in the corner so I could observe what I imagine was a typical Sunday morning.  I ordered the breakfast special: 2 scrambled eggs with bacon, potatoes and toast.  Any place that has Mancini's Italian toast already gets thumbs up in my book.  Being in McKees Rocks, though, they really don't have a choice.  The potatoes were thin sliced with onions and very flavorful.  The only way I can think of to describe the bacon is...porkier.  Is that even a word?  I just don't know how else to descibe it.  The combination of foods was served in generous portions at a great price (under $5).    One random note: I liked the tables and chairs.  They were comfortable not just for sitting and enjoying a cup of coffee with my morning paper but also very comfortable for sitting and eating.  Good distance between the table and chairs.  That may sound silly, and I thought so, too, at first.  But when I go to a place and the booth is too wide or too narrow, it can hinder my enjoyment.    Not only will I return, but I will also recommend Marge's Place to anyone in the area.  It was a surprisingly good find.  I like places like neighborhood businesses like this where they make everyone feel like they belong.
Great small town breakfast spot Highly recommend George's Mixed Grill ... Delicious
I have live around this area all my life and My family would go here and I would always decline to go, that is until Saturday my brother asked me if I wanted to go to breakfast and I had to say yes (just posted on facebook that I wanted to go to breakfast and nobody wanted to go with me) Lets get to the review I am glad I said yes there homefries are awesome the eggs were just right. I would definitely go here again.
I'm new to Pittsburgh so I wanted to try out all the local spots first and let me tell you... This spot is definitely worth a try! It's a cute diner with a lot of local charm. The prices are awesome and the food is even better! I had the cinnamon raisin french toast with the home fries and a coffee. All of it was really good. I'm not a complainer but I'm picky and honestly...I have nothing but good things to say about this place. I highly recommend you stop by and give it a try! You can thank me later. ;)
Great service, friendly staff, great food, great prices. What more can you ask for in a small town breakfast place? Will definitely be back
Always a favorite. New name (Broadway brunch), but the same great food. Good coffee.quick service, friendly waitstaff. Good home cooked foots at reasonable prices. The neighborhood is a bit sketchy, so lock your car doors.    Local foods ( Mancinis toast, Riccis sausage). Atmosphere is loud, smokey and a bit greasy, but the delicious food is worth it.  You can't beat Marges place for a great deal. 2 eggs cooked to order, the best home fries I know of, crisp hickory bacon, Rocco's sausage, hot buttered Mancinis toast and vanilla French toast...$6.99  I hope it never changes by going upscale or healthy ( organic, vegan etc).   Parking meters are 10 cents an hour.
This was our first time visiting Broadway Brunch and we were NOT disappointed! I found them on Yelp and read the reviews and thought we should give it a go. Everything was delicious, and I'm a very picky eater. The coffee was wonderful and my eggs were just right. I can't tell you the last time I ordered eggs over medium and actually GOT eggs over medium. No burned crusty edges or anything! And the bacon, oh the bacon, It was perfect! This place is a gem and I can't wait to bring my mom and sister here next time they visit. The owners RJ and Kelly were super nice and even came to check on us to make sure everything was good. They are also in the process of remodeling to give it more of a 50's feel. If you're looking for a great little homey feeling diner with great food and affordable prices, this is the place!
My dad grew up in McKees Rocks so whenever we are back visiting relatives we stop at Mancini's. This is right down the street and we have never stopped here. What a pleasant surprise for The Rocks. Great breakfast specials, mixed grill was superb and of course they serve Mancini's which makes the best French toast.
Great service, fantastic atmosphere... friendliest owners ever!! The VIKING'S Breakfast though WOW!!!! Highly recommend this place!!
The true test of a great breakfast place is its ability to produce the perfect over medium egg, the whites cooked through and the yokes, unbroken, warm and runny. Many places have either produced broken or rock hard yokes (over hard) or runny whites (over easy) in their attempts to create an over medium egg, but Broadway Brunch completely nailed it! I'm so glad I found this little breakfast treasure trove and look forward to visiting again on my next trip to Pittsburgh.
Just moved to the area and decided to have a breakfast date at this small town diner I saw on google maps. It was within walking distance so I figured it was worth a try.  Food was absolutely great, coffee was great and our server was extremely sweet and polite. I believe this is going to be a once a week breakfast date spot for me and my girl.
The atmosphere feels like an old school diner. Everyone is always so friendly even the other customers. The food is delish...I drive 25 miles one way to eat here and it's worth the trip every time!!
Fantastic all around, GREAT food, good people and a cozy atmosphere. Love this place so much!
AMAZING! Service, food, charm...all-in-one place! Home cooking...you will not be disappointed.
Best Pizza in the western hemisphere!
I may be a little biased here based on the fact that I've been eating at this place since... I was born.  With that said, I've eaten pizza all of the USA and this is still my absolute favorite place to order Pizza from.  When I come home to Pittsburgh for a visit ordering from Pasquarelli's is a MUST!   It is a true mom and pop pizza dive.  The owners are really nice and man can they cook.  The Pizza is unique.  Handmade dough, homemade sauce, tasty cheese, you name it.  I love this place!  If you order here please don't stop at Pizza!  I've never had a meatball that is better than Mrs. P's meatballs.  They are so good that I don't compare other meatballs to them because it isn't fair to the other cooks.  The Steak Hoagie is also one of my favorites.  This place isn't cheap but this is real handmade food!  If you want cheap pizza go to pizza hut.
Best pizza ever!
This pizza spot came HIGHLY recommended by several friends and we finally got a chance to taste the awesomeness! Stuffed crust with sauce that is not too sweet and not too bitter, pepperoni and mushroom was a GREAT combo! Cash only and sooooo worth it!
My beau and I decided to do a "pizza week", Pasquarelli's was third on our list (choosing from a list of top Pizza shops in Pgh).  It is BY FAR the BEST pizza we've ever had!  We tried a small white and a med red sauce (with stuffed crust).  Priced reasonably well for the unbelievably mouth-watering pies they serve.  Take out service only and cash only, but even though it's about 30 minutes from where we live we'll certainly be back!!
This is the best pizza in McKee's Rocks. Mom and pop shop.  It's just a little shed located across from the dollar general.  The pizza is amazing!  The old lady answers the phone and takes care of the money.  The old man makes the pizzas.  You don't need extra toppings because they give you plenty of fresh ingredients. A large pizza will feed a family of 4 even 5.  The crust is dusty and crunchy.  The sauce is one of a kind.  It's CASH only so make sure you stop at the bank before you get there.  Oh and they don't deliver either.  Like I said it's a mom and pop shop of two employees only.    In fact I'm ordering a pie tonight.  Ps it's great the next day in the oven.
The best deep dish pizza in pgh the other food is great too the owners know you by name been eating there for 30 years
This place is great.. I've had a lot of pizza pie in my life and this by far is the best.. although a little pricey, you get what you pay for ..       A little ól pie shop in the Rocks that is family run here for 42 years.. everything hand made.., every time I've been there it's outstanding and gratifying... Don't forget cash... NO CARD...
The 7 ounce house sirloin is the bomb! 'Nuff said.
Haven't been here in a long time.  Never thought Applebee's would be so good.  The new Sriracha Shrimp are fantastic.  BBQ-ish, spicy,  fried perfectly.  The Pub Philly with extra grilled jalapeño was another hit. If you get fries, get the BBQ dust on them or on the side.  Best part was their in house made spicy cucumbers.  Pickles gone WILD! If you sit at the bar, see Nucc. He's great.
four cheese mac and chees with honey pepper chicken is bomb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My favorite craft-store.. good prices and selection and the staff well they are always so helpful!  I just wish the paint supplies were on sale more often.
Was there second time awesome time very beautiful woman great dancing fairly classy girls free drinks an awesome bathroom attendent had a blast only one that I go to cheap dances
I travel a lot and have eaten at a lot of Hibachi restaurants. I happen to have a project in the Pittsburgh area and was looking for a Hibachi place to take my co-workers. I read several reviews on other Hibachi places and they all sound the same. The typical they are so busy the service sucks and they rush you in and out to turn tables quickly.  I found Sapporo and was very pleased! It is in an odd location but once you step inside, you feel the ambiance of cozy and family style. My party felt the staff was very friendly.  I had ordered the filet and shrimp with fried rice. The others in my group ordered chicken broccoli, and the Sapporo Deluxe which consists of lobster, filet and shrimp. We all got started with the soup and salads, which was a pretty good size. I didn't want to finish it all because I wanted to save room for dinner. Our Chef was one of the most personable Chef's I have encountered. He was very talkative and really wanted to get to know us. My file was delicious and the fried rice was excellent. They make their fried rice from scratch. It's not prepared ahead of time like I see at most Hibachi places. I can definitely tell the difference. My friend Sam who ordered the chicken broccoli could not stop raving about the sauce that they used. It is unlike soy sauce or teriyaki sauce. We asked the Chef about the sauce and sure enough it is one of a kind. Dan, who ordered the Sapporo Deluxe was very pleased with his meal and couldn't even finish it. Actually we all needed to-go boxes. The portion amount here is incredible. You definitely get your money's worth here!!  I would highly recommend this place to Hibachi lovers because this place is surely a secret in Pittsburgh. I can not stress how different this place is compared to other Hibachi places. I think this restaurant is family owned and not a chain which I can always appreciate.   Thank you Sapporo for a great Hibachi experience!! I will be back for sure!  Anh
Sapporo is my favorite Japanese restaurant, period. I've found other places that come close, but for me, this is the place I like to spend my money when it comes to hibachi cuisine.   Sapporo is an unassuming place right next to Steubenville Pike's hottest tourist attraction, the Pittsburgh Motel. But don't let the location fool you. Step inside and enjoy a cozy atmosphere. There's a bar at the front, some tables to the right, and the main dining area to the left. There's also that karaoke machine I've never seen used in all the years I've gone here.  Unlike other Japanese restaurants like Saga (great stuff) and Ichiban, the cooks at Sapporo aren't all about giving an extensive show while cooking. Each of the chefs have a few of the basic crowd pleasers, such as the knife and spatula toss and the onion volcano, etc., but really it's all about the food, which is fine by me. I do sometimes miss when the chefs toss the pieces of shrimp up in the air towards your mouth to catch, but only because no one ever likes to participate in that but me and it's fun to look like a goofball while trying, but that's neither here nor there.  The food here is excellent. They've introduced a new look to their menu recently. I don't know if they scaled it down, as I often always order from the same section. I did notice they have a couple of sushi options available. They used to have a full sushi bar, and you can still see that when you walk in, but I'm not sure if they're using it for anything other than just what's on the main menu, which would be a shame if so, as their sushi was always great and you could order it from a separate menu. Again, this may be something they still have that I'm not aware of.  At any rate, the starter soup and salad is great. I love the bits of onion in the soup. It's a very strong broth, but not overpowering. The ginger dressing on the salad is something you either like or loathe at any Japanese restaurant, and here I really love it, but I tend to like it everywhere I've had it, so I'm not a real stickler when it comes to that.  Usually I order the filet mignon and shrimp with fried rice for my main meal, though last time I got the deluxe version of the dish which also includes lobster tail and ice cream for dessert. Either way, it's a great dish. I've also had the chicken and shrimp and have enjoyed it as well.  Now, my favorite thing here is the shrimp sauce. I call it the "magic sauce." It's of the light pink variety and thin consistency. I'm always disappointed when I go to other Japanese steakhouses and they either don't have shrimp sauce altogether or they have the thicker, mayonnaise-based version, which is OK, but doesn't come close to the awesomeness that is the magic sauce. Apparently it's a secret as to just what goes into it. On one visit our chef joked that its main base was strawberry Quik, which one of the fellow diners at my table believed.  So if you get the fried rice here, dump some of the magic sauce on there. It's amazing. Use it for your steak or chicken as well. I find myself doing that and then saving the darker sauce for my grilled veggies, which are also top notch here. Terrific grilled onions and ripe zucchini as well as mushrooms and broccoli. I don't care for broccoli personally, but the rest is excellent.  Sapporo has also started throwing in noodles to the mix. According to the owner this is because other restaurants started doing it, so patrons who came in started asking why Sapporo didn't have them as well. I think they were doing fine without them, as it just adds even more to an already large amount of food, but they are good, if unnecessary.  The steak here is great. I've had the sirloin as well as the filet. I always get mine cooked rare, and it is of the melt in your mouth caliber. The shrimp never taste fishy, and the lobster tail is similarly excellent. All around, you get a great meal here for the price.  I'm not sure which nights are more crowded than not anymore. Sapporo's a funny place in that some weeknights you'll drive by and it's packed and then other nights it will be quiet. I'd suppose weekends draw the biggest crowds. Yet even when it was "packed" I've never had to wait long to be seated at a table.  So if you haven't been, give Sapporo a try. It's been there forever. The owner and staff are super nice and they really do care about serving you great food when you visit. They don't do lunches anymore, so it's strictly dinner meals, so be looking at spending at least 20-30 dollars on up for adults, and around 10 or so for kids' meals. It's not some place you would go frequently if you're on a budget, but that makes it all the more a treat when you do go.
Been to many hibachis, this one is very clean, the building is a little older but the family that runs it does a wonderful job.   I came here and got the chicken. Spot on, I loved the beef stew it came with- I always think the salad at hibachis are real alright- but the sushi was delicious and the hibachi was wonderful with delicious noodles , veggies, and rice- best I have had in a while because it ain't too salty- many times for me it's too extreme on the salt.  Free edamame with check in so that was a plus.   Reasonably priced delicious Japanese goodness- seemed like it also had good drinks.  Will return.
My boyfriend and I are practically Hibachi connoisseurs so when we visited Pittsburgh for the weekend the first thing we Yelp searched was.. you guessed it, Hibachi! Sapporo was highly rated so we went for dinner on a Saturday night.  The restaurant is located in front of a dimly lit motel but don't be discouraged by the facade because once you step inside the door the atmosphere is warm and inviting.   We were greeted by the owner's daughter who sat us at an empty table while we waited for the other guests to join us. The owner's son brought us menus to look over and informed us that Sapporo is a family-run establishment. The table quickly filled with regulars who said that Sapporo was their favorite Hibachi restaurant in Pittsburgh, one couple even said that they come for dinner every single Saturday evening. The owner himself came over to our table and began cooking our meal!  I ordered the Hibachi chicken and broccoli in Sapporo special sauce and my boyfriend ordered the Hibachi shrimp and chicken, both with fried rice. Both meals were good but the special sauce on my chicken was absolutely delicious! Definitely one of the best Hibachi chicken variation that I have tasted and my boyfriend really enjoyed how flavorful his shrimp tasted. The chef, a Korean war veteran, was engaging in our conversation and made you feel as if you were over a friend's house for dinner.  We both agreed that we will definitely return to Sapporo the next time that we are in Pittsburgh.
Great prices, huge portions and friendly environment. Great place!
Best Italian Sausage in the Burgh!  Great to use for sandwiches, spaghetti or grilling.  They also have sandwiches (sausage, meatballs) to eat in or take out.  Stuffed Banana Peppers are out of the world.  Sausage is not greasy with natural casings.  You may have seen Ernie Ricci on Cooking with Chris Fennimore on Qed.  Many restaurants in Pittsburgh use Ricci's sausage.  Some days you can watch them make the sausage thru a window.
I would have taken a picture of my meal but I devoured it too quickly.  DJ J.   Is correct.    I heard about this place on PBS (What do Pittsburgher's Eat).   They were giving their recipe for the Sausage Onions and Peppers.    We decided to try.  They only have tables where you can stand and eat.   They make everything on the premises.   We ate in.   I ordered the Hot Italian Sausage Sandwich and some side meatballs.    The food was awesome!.  I recommend you find this gem and get your Italian Fix on (or order some of their meats / products and cook it yourself) :)
i had a fantastic experience here. I got to the shop just before they weer about to close, but the owner was very gracious about creating an arrangement for me. The flowers were lovely. I would make a special trip just to purchase from this shop again.
Cyril did my sister's wedding and now is working on things for my brother's wedding.  He is wonderful to work with.  Helpful in every way.  My sister's flowers were stunning.
I have received 2 beautiful bouquets from here recently as a gift from my boyfriend. Both of them were gorgeous and lasted a long time!
We ordered our wedding flowers from Esser's and they turned out to be absolutely beautiful. After a negative experience with another florist, Esser's did exactly what I asked and everything was lovely. We also thought the price was very fair.   100% recommended!
Owner is very friendly.   Hotdogs / french fries were very good.   Nice & quiet shop on Lincoln Ave.
Killer food (the Danger Dog is like whoa) and super-friendly service make this my favorite lunch spot in the area. I cannot stress enough the degree to which the food is reasonably priced and well-prepared.
My fiancée and I have made R&B's our Friday night dinner tradition for over a year. the food is consistently amazing, and portions are HUGE. Whether you choose to pick up or have it delivered, it's always less then 30 minutes - and can we take a second to acknowledge the staff? Always exceedingly friendly, and happy to accommodate any special requests. Sadly, we're moving out of the area in two weeks, so we won't be able to continue our tradition. But if you haven't given them a try, do it! (might I suggest the Buffalo Chicken sub and the cheese and bacon fries? epic!)
Get the white pizza with bacon. You're life will never be the same. Never had a bad experience ordering from R&B's.
My boyfriend and I ordered the R&B's Special Pie (no bacon) last night and the greek salad (added artichokes).  So good!  The pizza was one of the best I have had in a long time, and I eat a lot of pizza! The salad was huge and fed us both easily.  It certainly wasn't as cheap as Dominos, but the quality was great and so delicious.  I would give R&Bs at least $$ when it comes to price, but if you are willing to pay the extra money for good quality, then I highly recommend this pizza joint.
This has been a favorite for years. Quality ingredients and decent prices. Portion sizes are above average as well. I love the Greek pizza, but haven't ever been disappointed with anything I've ordered.
I order from here every week. I've tried all the places near here for delivery, but this is easily my favorite. Fast delivery and good food.
This place is great for traditional pizza, apps, subs and wings. We always get a classic cheese which is always piping hot and cheesy. To feed our cheese fix even more we order the garlic cheesy bread. Just make sure to ask for extra cheese on it if you want the whole thing covered. Love our local pizza joint!
Luigi's pizza is amazing! The sicilian pizza takes me back to how my grandma used to make homemade pizza. I can't wait to go back - definitely worth the 45-minute trip there :)
Luigis is the best of the best. Awesome, authentic pepperoni. I have eaten here for years. This place is a tradition in my family and it's still as good as they were 15 years ago. They recently remodeled and have a great menu selection. By far the best pizza in Bellevue and right up there with Fioris as the best in Pittsburgh.
My wife and I LOVE this place. Decently affordable, our server is always great and very friendly, the food is delicious and it's a nice home-y atmosphere. The first time we went here, we told the server we were newlyweds and Luigi made us tiramisu and gave it to us for free! Highly recommend.
This place has great tasting food. I had a italian hoagie and it was great. The pizza is top notch.
I was one of their first customers starting at the old location. I live further away now, but will stop anytime I am near as they quite simply have the BEST PIZZA period of anywhere I've been. I have referred many friends and family and they all say the same. The owners and staff are very friendly and caring people and treat you like family. The other food is good too, especially the wedding soup, although 95% of the time we get the great pizza. The dough, sauce and cheese are second to none.
Fair prices but good quality... And amazing designs that are custom made.... Plus gel and solar nails are available for those interested... Offers waxing services... Completely renovated and the spa pedicure chair is amazing...
Simon does my nails and he does it perfect every time. Not very expensive and treats his customers really well. Happy me!!
For over 20 years the Avalon Veterinary Hospital staff has treated my pets: cats, rabbits, fish, and a turtle.  The prices are very reasonable, and I've never been charged for follow-ups.  Dr. Fitzgerald provided an affordable diabetes treatment plan for my cat to prolong his life; the prognosis went from a few months to three healthy years.  When my cat suddenly had kidney failure from diabetic shock, I was only charged for the treatment--not the emergency appointment fees. The staff was extremely considerate when my cat passed--some who knew him were even crying.  My other cat gained a reputation as a menace.  But the staff never complained--not even when she required four people to hold her down just to get her shots.  When I was sold a diseased turtle a a child, Dr. Moore was very kind and did not charge for the visit nor the medication.  He recognized my interest in science and patiently answered all of my 11-year-old questions.  He even showed me how he made slides and how his microscope worked. (I later studied biology and worked as a lab tech, so thanks.)  Dr. Moore also took exemplary care of our rabbits, who all lived unusually long lives.  On a practical note, they require ALL animals to be in a cage or on a leash.  I once had a well-behaved cat, who was too sick to chase the dogs, wrapped in a blanket since his collar would have been over an open wound...But they generally enforce the cage/leash policy for the safety of all animals.  There is a small parking lot next to the clinic or you can usually park pretty easily on the cross-street.
If I could give Dr. Bigger 10 stars I would! He makes that hospital. If this review was on Dr. Moore I would give it a minus 10....he is terribly rude. I am moving back to Sewickley and will plan to use Dr. Bigger for sure. He is the best vet I have ever experienced...so detailed, so caring..I just love him and so do my animals...
My puppy was admitted here 6 days ago. In very poor shape. I was scared he wasn't going to make it. And being it was my 4 yr Olds new dog made things a bit harder on us. They called 2-3 days a day with updates and did everything they could to help renegade and to also make me feel better. 6 days later my puppy came home and is still in recovery. But doing alot better.i can't thank there entire staff enough for saving my dog.!! Will continue to take my dogs there and recommend them to everyone I know! Special thanks to Dr v and Lenny !
The only vet I will use from now on! The staff is amazing! From the receptionist to the vet. It really does take a team to provide great service. I was bringing my cat in as a new patient with concerns about his back leg. They fit me in the next day! I called them at 4:30 pm on Monday and they had me in Tuesday at 5:30! This alone was amazing on account that the vet I use to take him to never returned my calls. The vet (Kouch I maybe spelling that wrong) was so patient with my not so happy cat. She diagnosed the issue. It was his poor back. They filled a prescription, updated his shots, and didn't run any test that weren't necessary. I want to trust the vet to provide the care that my animal needs, not run me through the ringer. I will do anything for my cat. For them to be honest about what is necessary and what's not put my mind at ease that he was getting the treatment he needed and no unnecessary test that would only stress him out.  Great job! Hopefully we will be back for just shots but if anything else does come up you will be seeing me and tyty again.
This is my favorite 'event' restaurant (by which I mean, spendy, but definitely worth it for special occasions).  It is great for intimate birthdays, celebrations, etc.  Whatever karmic intervention gave the 'Bustling Borough of Bellevue' this restaurant makes me think we, as a community, has done something right.   But more importantly the food...  Oh, the food!  The owner/chef takes so much care, it makes the whole experience very enjoyable.  I have never had a bad meal.    I
My boyfriend and i went here last night. the restaurant is dark romantic and the decor is amazing. There are photographs of the owners and chefs family on the walls.... its cute. My boyfriend called ahead and told them i was vegetarian and the chef prepared a couple of things for me.  There is no set menu and the waitress reads out what the chef has prepared for the night there are 5 courses. an appetizer, pasta, main course, a salad and and dessert. I thought the salad after the entree was pretty interesting . They are also very generous with the bread which i LOVED!!!! Every meal was made to perfection. It had a homey feeling ..... My boyfriend had some scallops that he is still talking about.  My entree was spaghetti squash with mushroom wild rice and berries and limed artichokes. There were soo many flavors and all the ingredients were balanced. The service was great.  All in all it was an amazing experience. The chef came out to say hi at the end of the night...... i finished off my dinner with the creme brulee and some coffee. Our bill came to $120 with tip and it was absolutely worth it . This is a great restaurant for a super special occasions and  it is very private.Not to dressy and not too casual.  Pick out a great bottle of wine or two and get ready to get your taste buds blown.  Im pretty sure my boyfriend and i will be going back.
Yes!!!!!!     Great service! Great Food! Love the BYOB!!! ($5).
My sister lives in Bellevue, and I have used Fred Dietz Floral twice now to send her flowers (I live out of state).  The woman who answers the phone is amazing- she is kind, helpful, and professional.  Being remote can make this process difficult, but she is very descriptive, and willing to make your desires work in your price range.  My sister says the arrangements have been lovely and lasting.  I highly recommend patronizing this business.
I have been getting my hair cut and hi-lighted at Mane Attractions for over 5 years, by Sue, the owner. I am always extremely happy with the way my hair looks.   My hair is very fine and I don't have a whole lot of it, but Sue does wonders with it, especially with my latest cut. I never wanted it shorter than shoulder length, but decided recently to make a change. Because I'm getting older, and other methods of increasing the volume and amount of my hair were too expensive, or didn't work,  I wanted to try a shorter cut. The cut she gave me made my hair look much thicker. I have had several compliments on the cut, one from another hairstylist who worked at Regis. Sue is also reasonable, charging $80 for my cut and hi-lights. I will admit that I had to wait outside the salon once when I was the first customer of the day, but that was once in over 5 years. I will take an occasional late opening in exchange for the great cuts/color I get!
Let me just tell you, I have really, really difficult hair.  type 3b Naturally curly, 100% grey, I dye it dark and mess with the color myself. ( never good)  If you want to know where to get a good haircut you ask someone with my hair. Since I have been going to Mane Attractions I have really LOVED my hair. I have been going there for about 4 years. Kristi was even able to cut my curly hair into a short reverse bob without making me look like i was wearing a helmet. ( you curly girls know what I am talking about). I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom( who is always honest) is impressed. The only complaint I ever have is that yes, sometimes I have gone there on the spur of the moment and it has been closed during the week. I just know to call and schedule things. it is a small business and I get it.  P.S. kids haircuts are only 10$ and My daughter loves it.
Krispy Creme? Grocery store cakes?  Git ahta tahn.... when it comes to donuts, pastries, and cakes they don't hold a wisk to Lincoln Bakery in Bellevue (or most Western PA bakeries for that matter).  Their cakes hit the top of my list (with Edy's downtown coming in second).  The batter is light and moist while the icing is smooth -- not too sweet - not too 'lardy'.  By all means, feel free to give them a decorating challenge as their peeps got mad skillz.  In my experience, Pittsburgh natives don't seem to realize how good their sweet tooths have it here, till they move away.  So, when I travel westward for the holidays I bring some Lincoln Bakery sweets along.  I highly recommend their Burnt Almond Torte with either custard or lemon filling for nearly any occasion.  I get these for corporate gatherings often and they always go over well - and you know what they say about trying to please everyone!  I'd suggest giving them a few days to a weeks notice as they keep pretty busy.  (As a side note: though I rave about their donuts, pastries, and cakes.... for cookies I'd recommend Moi's Italian Bakery in Monroeville).
The Lincoln Bakery did my wedding cake - White cake, chocolate mousse filling, and buttercream icing... it was fabulous! We got so many compliments, not only did it look beautiful but it tasted great!
Quite possibly the best bakery in Pittsburgh.  It's got everything from the low-end (cookies, cupcakes, donuts) to the high (wedding cakes, tortes, tarts).  Make any special or large orders weeks in advance.  The tastiest wedding cake I ever sampled was from here: smooth buttercream icing with alternating raspberry and lemon filling in white batter.
I love Lincoln Bakery so much.  We just got a birthday cake from here today, and everyone at the party loved it.  I seriously cannot believe how gorgeous it was.  For fall cakes and cupcakes, I can't even imagine anyone making anything prettier!  The icing is wonderful, although the colored icing is sort of bitter (but I think that is the case anywhere).  The white icing is just perfect and not too sweet.  When I told my neighbor that I was coming here tonight to pick up the cake, she immediately asked me if I had ever had the carrot cake.  Yes, I have, and it is amazing!  The burnt almond torte rivals Prantl's.  I think the girls who work there are so nice and helpful.  And I love all of the homemade candy that they sell.  It is just the sweetest local gem.  Love Lincoln Bakery.
Best bakery in Pittsburgh! Having grown up in Bellevue I am very familiar with Lincoln. Every cake my family ever purchased has been from here. The icing is delicious. They have very cute cupcakes and themed cakes for holidays as well.  The staff is friendly and helpful. I no longer live in Bellevue but still go back to order cakes for any events I have.
My daughter CAN'T pass by here without asking to get something.  All I can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth!
I ordered a cake for a baptism. I did a search on the best tasting cake around Pittsburgh and after reading reviews, Lincoln bakery was the one we had to try.  I called them a week ahead, they told me the design they would do and after seeing some pictures on their Facebook page I trusted it will work out so I went ahead and ordered it.   It was a big hit! Some of my family members were getting seconds.  The cake wasn't too sweet and the icing not too "buttery". I will have to say that next time I need a cake I will order from this bakery, and maybe try some of the other things they carry in their store.
Love,love,love Lincoln Bakery! My absolute favorite is the chocolate pudding cake. It comes with mounds of chocolate shavings on top. They also gave fantastic carrot cake and cheese cakes. Always something delicious in the pastry counter.   The seasonal cakes are always so creative and fun to look at in the window.  The staff there is pretty great as well. Especially Dottie. She's been there for years and is always so kind.
My new favorite stop.  If you like carrot cake this is certainly the place to try and you will not be disappointed!  Truthfully, I did not know what to expect during my first visit but everything I have purchased since then has been fresh and satisfying.
Had to make a trip to Leetsdale to visit a client and found myself in an area where I struggled to find a place for goodies.    A quick yelp search revealed Lincoln Bakery.  This place is awesome and it is now saved in my GPS for future stops.  Highly recommend.
I've never had anything bad from here! Their buttercream icing is more buttery than it is sugary. It's amazing. Plus they have the coolest Holiday cakes!
I ordered my wedding cake from the Lincoln Bakery and was very pleased with the results.  My cake--and I'm not just being partial here--was the tastiest wedding cake I ever had.  As I lived in another state at the time, my mom went to sample the cakes and was given exceptionally large samples--in fact, she was given entire cakes.  We ended up going with a yellow cake with alternating tiers of fresh strawberry and lemon filling.  The staff was helpful, and adaptable when I inevitably changed my mind about the design.  The bakery was able to delivery the cake to my location, and it arrived fresh.  Unlike most wedding cakes, this cake was incredibly moist, and the buttercream icing was smooth and not overly sweet (which I hate).  My venue saved the top tier; my husband and I didn't wait until our first anniversary to eat it--we ate it that week!  Highly recommend.
Jesse worked miracles and altered a complicated dress within a few days.  He is very old school and knows what he's doing.  So glad to have him in my neighborhood!
My family takes all of their items to Jesse--he's the best!
I stopped into Discount Tire Center on 65 in Bellevue because one of my tires was slowly dying.  I had planned to get two new tires.  Admittedly, this place looks a little scary...to me anyhow, but as a girl by herself all garages are pretty intimidating.  I didn't know how these things worked...did I need to call ahead for an appt?  I needed new tires ASAP, so an appt wasn't an option.  Luckily, the guys at Discount Tire Center took great care of me.    I pulled in, hesitantly got out of my car and wandered into the garage.  A man promptly greeted me and asked me what he could do.  I asked for two new tires, he took a quick look at my car and told me, "No problem, pull it in".    He discussed the options of tires in a way I could understand, giving his suggestions but ultimately leaving the decision up to me.  He also let me know about a rebate on 4 tires, which I ended up getting (after a frantic call to my husband asking if I was stupid for being upsold).  It ended up being a great deal and I never felt pressured to buy more.  I sat in the waiting area (which could use a woman's touch to be sure) for about 10 minutes and they were done.  SO FAST!  The man explained everything with the rebate and I left a happy camper.    I will absolutely be back to Discount Tire Center in the future.
If you just need tires, and want a quick, no-hassle experience, then this is your place.   Drove in, and the guys immediately asked if I was looking for a cheap option or a higher quality option. I was planning on replacing all my tires, but then they suggested that I only need rear tires as the front ones still had about "50% good tread."  They seemed to be actively interested in saving me money.    They only replaced the tires and didn't look for any other "potential problems" with brakes, rotors, bearings or anything else wheel related. Which is both a blessing and a curse, depending on the level of service you are looking for. But like I said, if you just want tires, and don't want to break the bank, then this is your place.
these guys are awesome. in and out in no time, no appointment, no big price. great.
This place is great!   I went into get a new tire because my front tire started to leak. Instead of  giving me the new tire and charging me the higher price, the found the two nails, fixed the leak in less than 10 min and only charged me $16! They were honest, and told me that my tread was good and I didn't need a new tire. I appreciated that and I've had no more issues with my tire.   I will definitely go back here for future tire needs.
I never would have put off getting my tires replaced if I knew it could be this easy!  We showed up without an appointment and it took under 10 minutes for them to change two of my tires.  It was like having a pit crew working on my car, it was so fast!  Only 200 bucks total and I got 2 high mileage tires (75,000).  They also rotated them for me.  I will be using this place for all of my tire needs from now on.
This tire center is amazing. Great job replacing my BMW run flats for cheaper than any other place. They have fresh coffee while you wait. I  am impressed with how quick they are.
Need tires? Look no further!  My wife badly needed new tires so we went to all the local spots to compare prices, Mr Tire, Pep Boys, Sam's Club, Flynn's etc. While leaving Flynn's a woman flagged us down and asked if we needed tires and told us about Discount Tire.  A few days later we decided to give them a try. We went with a new Continental Tire that had just hit the market that came highly recommended by the service guy. What's really cool is that they are like a Nascar Pit Crew. There are actually four guys working on your vehicle at the same time taking the old tires off and mounting, balancing and putting the new ones on.  Less than fifteen minutes later they were done and our car was better than new! The car rides so much better and going over bumps and pot holes is so much more comfortable. Don't put off getting new tires and give this place a shot!
I don't know why I put off tires for so long when I live so close to this place! I went on a Thursday morning. Dropped off the car and walked across the street to get coffee. As soon as I came back they were done! Not even 10 mins. These guys are the best! Not too expensive either because they don't try to sell you all the "bells and whistles" that other tire places try to sell you (ehem mr. Tire). I had been quoted a price of around $700 for tires from other places but discount tire got them on for only $360. From now on, I won't be going anywhere else for tires!
All these positive reviews don't lie. Great place for tires! No appointment needed and I got the sense that this is the type of place that would prefer if you just showed up. Painted on the garage is a "honk horn for service" note.  Garage can work on 4 cars at a time so you're in and out quickly.  Enter from the first enterance, closest to the city, or you'll have to back up and loop around the block like I did.  Fast, friendly and efficient service. Didn't try to up sell me but gave me exactly what I needed. Will definitely be back! Thanks for such a great tire-getting experience.
Awesome service turnaround time. No appointment needed. The pit crew is ready when you pull up. And very economic ! Forget the dealerships, this is much better.
I don't think there's anyone that likes to buy tires, but if you have to then I highly suggest you purchase them from Discount Tire Center. Conveniently located near the McKees Rock Bridge, this should be the only place you consider when in need of a tire replacement. The open at 7a, but I arrived closer to 6:50. What really impressed me was that they opened the service bay door before their scheduled open time! Seriously, it's rare to find a place that will do this for a customer. I only had to get one tire replaced and was out of the shop in 15 minutes. Plus, the cost of the tire was a lot less than going to other tire places. To be completely honest, I really don't want to have to purchase another tire for a long time, but if I have to I will go here.
Another awesome experience at Discount Tire Center to share with the Yelp community!  One of my rear tires had a slow leak. Instead of just taking it into these guys, I kept filling the sucker up every couple days. In all honesty,  I was being a bit cheap and just didn't want to spend the hundred bucks.   Wouldn't ya know, as I was filling the tire yesterday I noticed that a shiny nail had punctured the tire. So, I finally gave in and went back to Discount Tire this morning.  This was my second time here in the past couple months and the service was just as great as the last time. I was worried I might have to buy a new tire, but they were able to fix both nail punctures. Yep! There were two nails in the tire that were causing the slow leak.  Here' s the best part. The total cost for the repair was only $15 flat.  If you have any tire issues, just go here. You will not be disappointed.
The only word I can use to describe my experience at Discount Tire Center is.... WOW!   I found this place thanks to a verbal reference from my Brother-In-Law.  I decided to check them out on Yelp before calling to get prices and saw all of the positive reviews.  I'm here to tell you that this place is awesome!  First, let's start with the price.  I needed 4 tires for my Town and Country.  I had done some shopping around for prices and these guys were less than everyone else by about $50.00.  On top of that, there also happened to be a $40.00 mail-in rebate for the tires I purchased but they can't really control manufacturer discounts so I can't give them credit for that.  My point is, based on price alone; I had to give them a shot.  Now, let's talk about my experience.  I called over before I went in to ask exactly how long it would take to have the tires installed.  I explained that I could take a long lunch break but anything longer than 2 hours wouldn't work.  They explained that there weren't any other customers there at the moment, but with them being an appointment-free shop it was hard to say how long it would take.  I decided to take the chance and headed over on my lunch hour.  I arrived at about 12:05 and expected that I'd need to park, go in, talk about a price, etc.  To my surprise, I pulled up and they waved me right into one of the garage doors.  I got out of my car and a guy met me at the door and started talking tires.  The very first real question was, am I looking for inexpensive or top-of the-line tires.  It seemed to me that they weren't going to even bother pricing the expensive tires if I simply wasn't interested.  Being my family vehicle I explained that I wanted "Just under" top-of-the-line.  I then explained that I called in a few days prior and someone priced out a set of GoodYear tires for me.    The conversation took all of about 2 minutes.  The gentleman then promptly communicated the tires I wanted and a team of 6 guys went to work.  Before I could get my phone out to snap a picture all four tires were off of the car and on their way to having the old tires removed.  In the end, I had paid and was driving away at 12:30.... I kid you not!  It was like having my own pit crew!  It was so quick that when I arrived home (I was working from home that day) my wife was shocked.  In closing, I can't imagine not going back to these guys for my next set of tires.  The price was awesome and the service was out of this world.  On top of that, they didn't try to sell me anything that I didn't need or want!  I'd recommend calling in to see how many people are in line.  Obviously if there had been four cars being worked on I'd have had less people to work on my car but I can't imagine the service being slow considering how efficient their operation is.
Awesome service. Good prices. Got me in really fast.
Best service EVER!  in and out in no time at all.  By the time I finished writing my check, I turned around and they were removing the jacks (or whatever they are called) and my car was done!  Prices that can't be beat-helpful and friendly, makes you feel good to "shop small" in a family owned business.  I would never go anywhere else!!
Awesome experience! My tire went flat and I drove in on my spare and announced that I needed to buy a new tire. The gentleman asked to see my old tire and then said, "why don't I just fix this one for $16 instead." I could have cried. I was in and out in under ten minutes. Yay!
I created a Yelp account just to leave the guys at Discount Tire a 5 star review.  Checking at other places... Good deals were sullied by out of stock tires and/or fees and/or limited appointment availability. I will never waste time with a search like that again.  Got next-to-top-of-the-line tires for my car installed for about $150 less than I could find anywhere else and the other places had brand promotions going on; this includes scouring the internet.  Not only that, the pit crew references below may seem unbelievable but they are accurate. I was there this morning, I was back at my home within 25 minutes of having pulled into their garage. I think at least 6 people were working on my car.  Discount Tire is a no BS local business run by good people that want to save you money with quality products and services.
100% RECOMMEND THESE GUYS, NO QUESTION. I love doing research for everything. I ended up here becuase of the price and reviews.   So I read reviews before going about it being a Nascar pit stop.  100% true and we loved it!! As soon as I picked the tire I wanted, they went to town. I'd say I was in and out under 10 minutes with great tires and saved over 100 DOLLARS. NTB quoted me $479, I walked out with great savings.    Not sure who had a bad experience with customer service. The guys were great! Spin and balanced and everything
This is my second time coming to Discount Tire Center. I knew I would soon need new back tires. I pulled in, they checked my tires, and said mine would pass inspection and make through at least the summer (June when I went). I appreciate that they did not try to sell me tires when I didn't yet need them. I will definitely return to Discount Tire Center when it is time to get new tires.
I also highly recommend Discount Tire in Bellevue. All these guys do are tires and they won't try and sell you stupid add-ons or worthless warranties that you probably won't use.  Prices are great, ranging from a value option up to the original OEM.  The service is fast and you'll literally be out on 15 minutes after pulling your car into the shop. And the people there are extremely friendly and honest.
Kuhn's is the perfect grocery store for Bellevue! Staff are friendly and helpful and the store is small enough to navigate in a few minutes which makes it great for picking up weekly groceries.   Always happy with the produce and fresh fruit selections--I even bought kale there last week. Deli is busy after work and for good reason. Fair prices and a big selection of meats, cheeses and side dishes.   Grocery store is open til MIDNIGHT throughout the week (closes earlier on Sundays...9?) so you can run in for those last minute things.  There's also a Redbox out front so when your friend has a breakup, swing by for ice cream and a chick flick. Compliments of Kuhn's!
Without question, this is my favorite thrift store in the greater Pittsburgh region. I find antique kitchenwares here that are older than my grandma, worth $85 if the antique mall is to be believed, and priced at $2.50. The 50%-off sales actually pay off here. The merchandise turns over quickly. The staff is a real cast of characters (don't miss the steelers tattoos!!! i'm seriously serious, they are amazing). there are bicycles for you and your kids in decent-semi-working condition. The balance of stuff is about half and half valuable old vintage and more modern hand-me-downs. The prices are reasonable to cheap. The plastic bags on the wall are often a treasure trove. The kitchen section could outfit your kitchen in fondue pots for days. Most thrift store remodels result in ridiculous high prices to pay for the construction. The remodel here just means a bigger, cleaner store and parking lot.   I have spent, cumulatively, probably  several weeks of my life in this store. This is, hands-down, without question, the thing I miss most about leaving Pittsburgh. This store is the largest single contributor to my wardrobe, outside of H&M.
Woo Hoo!  Dead Lady.  This thrift store rocks.  I have been doing this for more years that I haven't been, and it is the best in the city.  I would make a weekly trek to RWB, and would never be disappointed.  These were the days when you could find a vintage 50s something or other on the racks, before there was a "Vintage" section.  Still, recently, there is always a treasure to be had, especially in the housewares department.  The proximity of this thrift store to the affluent neighborhood of Sewickley accounts for its top-notch merch.  Whenever we'd have a particularly good day, my frends and I would joke..."dead lady."
I came here all the time while I was freelancing and in charge of my own schedule.  It has a lot of points going for it that other thrift shops consistently mess up.  1. It's well lit.  You can SEE the clothing, see whatever might be wrong with it, and make an honest assessment.  You're never surprised when you leave at the state of the items you've just bought.  2. It is surprisingly clean.  Nothing seems to smell, so I can only imagine they've laundered everything thoroughly.   3. There are good quality brands--Ann Taylor, Kenneth Cole, etc.  It's mainly items along these lines.  You're more likely to find twinsets than clubbing tops here, which if you're over the age of 21 is a good thing.  4. Markdowns and fresh merchandise.  These people *know* how to turn over their stock.  Because the place is never empty, and there are specials every day, the stock flips rapidly.  The merchandise is never the same week to week, so as I mentioned before, it's addictive.  You never know what you'll find.  A summary of a few things I've bought here: a 6 dollar designer knit dress, a few silk twinsets ($2-$5), countless heels, two pairs of Birkenstocks and two pairs of Doc Martens ($4-$8), a dressmaker's bust ($5), a pressure cooker ($7)....  You get the picture.  The prices aren't rock bottom, but close enough, and the quality of the clothing will help anyone but the stingiest person get over the 50 cents extra.  Can't recommend it enough!
My very favorite store in the world!  Their recent remodel made it bigger and easier to find things and not have to get stuck in an aisle with 10 other people.  I get 80% of my wardrobe from here - the shoes and purses are the best and have always found something great to take home
Simply the best thrift store I've ever been to. Well worth the 3 1/2 hour drive from my hometown.  First, and foremost, EVERYTHING IS 1/2 off all of the time!  Secondly, bring cash. They DO NOT accept credit cards.  The store is full of wonderful pieces of clothing, all arranged by color and type (not by size, which is unfortunate). I found a wide selection of everything from casual pieces to high-end business attire to super-trendy teen clothing... what surprised me most about this store was the QUALITY of the clothing. Almost all of the pieces were flawless, a few were worn or faded in some way and the price reflected that. Brand names were bountiful; Banana Republic, Ralph Lauren, Chico's, Jones New York, Ann Taylor, American Eagle, H&M. There were also some wonderful vintage pieces from the 80s, bright colors and crazy shoulder pads that would have made a more adventurous fashionista very happy indeed!  The clothing smells wonderful, not musty or dirty as in some thrift stores, and there was even a large selection of plus-sized clothing carefully culled out in a special section.  I went to Red White & Blue to find some business attire for my new job, and came home with two gorgeous, flawless statement blazers from Ann Taylor Loft and Banana Republic... for a total of $7!  Come to this thrift store; it'll make all other shopping obsolete!
Ever shopped at a Thrift Shop that sells high end labels, some brand new and gently used items like backpacks for $5? This is a great place to discover unique things. They also have daily deals such as 1/2 off of certain color tags. Have to dig through other things though to find something interesting which is part of the adventure!
First time i really took a moment to look for some stuff. It's always a Hit or miss, all the other thrift store I've visited later in my trip showed me that. Thrift store sure does drain a lot of your mental energy. Looking for stuff there was a hellacious project but I bought a Steeler jersey for 2.50$, some polos and a cute outfit for a friends baby. 20$ before reduction and after 7.90$!! wohh!! That felt good!!
I love a deal, and this has been my favorite thrift store since I was a kid.    First, there is some sort of half-off deal every day.  Second, the used book selection is pretty decent.  Yeah, there are a ton of self-help and Patterson mass markets that you have wade through, but T.C. Boyle for two bucks?  Yes, please.  Third, the home goods.  I've gotten huge solid wood picture frames for only a couple dollars.  The art prints inside were hideous...but I threw those away, re-stained the frames to my liking, cut new mats, and inserting art quoted as $360 each to frame at a big chain fabric store for under $30.  Boom.  Finally, there is a decent selection of lamp to re-wire, always lot of furniture, some diamond in the rough clothes on occasion, and lots of other wacky stuff that's just fun to sift through.  CASH ONLY and the cashiers are pretty rude/lazy, but that never bothers me.  BONUS:  They pick up your donations for free from your porch.  http://www.pickupplease.org/  Super easy.
I love love LOVE this store. I thought the one on Saw Mill Run was great but this was i think is way awesomer. If only awesomer were a word. I love to go here and find lots of home decor items to decorate my house. candle holders, DIning sets, paints, sculptures and sooo much more. I found this small desk lamp that has a victorian look to it with the shade included for $4. The lamp shade was made of some kind of smooth material almost like leather. It's such a great find. There are plenty of items for sale at this place and most of them are in great shape.   So the clothes which occupy most of the store are the best find. The Store has certain days that offer you %50 certain color tags. I went on a Monday and it was half off yellow and white tags. Other days its half off blue, or green or red. I love to go on Saturdays!! This past week it was half off every tag except white. I found so many items for such a cheap price. $7 shirts for $3.50 and tunics for $4. Have you ever find items for $1?? I have!!! I love when I find a great shirt or sweater for $3 or less. Or when you find a brand new item with the tags on them for under $7. I bought a brand new pair of Arizona Jeans (in my size) for $5. I couldn't believe it. I was too excited.  The clothes are organized by color but not by size which is a good and bad thing. I like to shop by color since I don't wear too many yellows or purples. I can avoid those sections all together but when I do find a nice shirt in the color I want the size becomes an issue. There were a lot of nice shirt that were just too small or too big. Even when i have to pass on a nice shirt I tend to find one that's just as good at the same price.   Shopping here is a gold find!! My sister was the one who introduced me to this store and i used to make fun of her for shopping thrift. If I had known that It was nothing like the Good Will I would have been here a lot sooner. Now my sister makes fun f me for going so often. What an amazing place this is!! I'll probably never shop retail again!!  REMINDER: CASH ONLY!! -But they have an ATM!! $2.50 fee
Red white and blue is one of my favorite thrift shops ! I love their special deals of the days, the staff are always friendly. I love the color coordination and I always find great deals !
Place has amazing omelettes that are almost as big as the size of the plate. You get a really big side of home fries too. This is probably my favorite place for breakfast in Pittsburgh. I generally go in and get a seat right away without waiting. Service is usually fast and friendly. Two downsides to the place. 1) they are cash only which can be an inconvenience. I never remember to have cash until I get my bill so I have to run to the ATM. 2) the seating is limited and the tables are very close to each other so people there can most likely hear your conversations. Place overall is excellent and is worth a try at least for breakfast. The lunches and dinner selections aren't bad either!!
Stopped in on a visit to Pittsburgh.  Food and service was outstanding. Be warned though,  these are not small portions, come hungry. I had the country breakfast,  it took up two full plates.  Every thing was cooked perfectly.  Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a real home cooked meal.
The food is excellent and reasonable.The waitresses are fantastic and coffee cup is always full.
I've only had breakfast so that's all I can review.  The portion sizes are big and the prices are reasonable. The wait staff is awesome. Great customer service the wait staff actually brings you things you request quickly and with a smile. Cash only, on street meter parking..
Love the Rusty Nail. Have been going there since I was a kid. Always friendly service, great prices, good food. American fare with huge portions. You will leave with a doggie bag.
Remember When.... I always do when I go to this ice cream shop... The oldies playing and the best and biggest ice cream in Pgh.. The large ice cream cone comes out the side door cause they can't fit out the window...WoW it's great and has been great for many many years.. Been going there since I was a young young lad I'm now 27 and take my family there we love it... Keep up the good work
This is by far, the BEST soft serve ice cream place in southwestern PA. The "flavor of the week" is always interesting-and tasty! Though, I am somewhat disappointed that they've switched to a lower grade ice milk, for their vanilla and chocolate offerings. I don't know if this is a matter of cutting corners, or if the better stuff simply isn't available any longer. Either way, this place is still leaps and bounds ahead of DQ, Tastee Freeze, etc. It's definitely worth the trip. It's mostly street parking, though they do have about 3-4 parking spaces off to the side. Serving sizes are huge! The small cone here, is the same size as a DQ large. And the large is SO big, they can't fit it through the window-they hand it out the side door.  If you want a real "Kodak moment"-order a large cone for the kids, and keep the camera, and wet wipes handy!
I have been a patient at Murphy's Family Dentistry since February of this year and I couldn't be more pleased with the level of service. I am afraid of drills/pain etc. and going to the dentist like most of America gives me a little bit of anxiety.  Some dentist offices that I have been too have made me feel silly if I had a shred of anxiety and were a bit insensitive.    When I compare those to this dentistry there is no comparison. There's a level of comfort and its obvious & appreciated.   I just recently had a root canal/crown placement.   I had a very bad experience years ago and was very weary about the whole process.  This Dentistry was a dream and really was great throughout the entire process.   I am most comfortable and most important - in and out..  there is never a wait and I know exactly what to expect.   I recommend 100%
My husband and i have been patients of Dr. Murphy for almost 20 years. I wish there was an "11" on this chart of stars to give him. I used to have panic attacks going to the dentist, and he helped me work through that, which is great as I always need work done. Now I'm not afraid, and feel like I can trust him to do good work. Thanks for taking care of me all these years!
Sometime ago,I was looking for someone to service my Grandfather clocks in my home. After extensive research,I ran across these folks. I couldn't be happier with the result of their visitation. The knowledge they possess and the professionalism with which they practice,is impeccable! ALL of my clocks are running at peak performance;they even took the time to look at my "Black Forest" cuckoo clocks and passed on valuable advice as to how I should maintain them. I graciously appreciate their time,demeanor,and service! I wish no one else to service my clocks in the future! YOU CANNOT GO WRONG WITH THESE FOLKS! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Thank-you so much for all that you have done to restore my precious time pieces!
Can't say enough good things about Paul's Clock Repair.  We inherited an old clock from my parents that had not worked for some time.  For a very reasonable price, Paul cleaned it up, replaced the broken springs and got it working.  When we picked it up, they took the time to show us the proper way to set it up and keep it working for years.  Thank you Paul's Clock Repair for restoring our family heirloom!!
I can not express my thanks & gratitude enough to everyone at Paul's Clock Repair.  I needed an Atmos clock repaired, which was given to me by my mother who had recently passed away.  I needed it done on a short time line since I live out-of-town and was leaving soon.  It is next to impossible to find anyone who can actually fix that type of clock especially anywhere close to where I live.  They were so accommodating and really really helped me out during a hard time.  Much thanks to Lisa for spending the time to teach my about the clock & how to take care of it and her dad for fixing it up!  My Atmos clock is now working great and looks wonderful on my mantle!
Very kind and knowledgeable. Thank you for helping us with my grandmother's grandchild clock. We appreciate your tips and got ourselves the right screws. Now it beautifully adorns our living room. Thanks again!
In my opinion, this is the best distributor in the city. The people running it are great, the selection is very good, and the prices are competitive with almost any other place I've been to. Because I'm not too picky, I typically have been stopping right at the front to buy the discounted brew that's usually out of season. You can't beat buying a case for $12.99. I'll continue to go here for my beer needs until I leave the city.
Love this beer distributor.  They always have what I'm looking for. The workers are extremely nice and always willing to help. Best one I've seen by far.
Being from Illinois and in town to attend a Steelers game we needed beer.  Found out grocery stores only sell basically a 12 pack per person/visit. Nothing like Illinois where the sky's the limit. So after that education we ended up here.  Good selection of beer when you need more quantities that 2 six packs.  We stocked up on IC light and was reasonably priced.  Friendly service.  Only con is parking is scarce but that seems to be par for the course in Pittsburgh.  I would visit again if in the area.
My boyfriend and I discovered this place about a month after moving to the area, and it's safe to say we will never be buying beer anywhere else. (Unless of course we're in the market for a fancy Dogfish six pack or something...) First, the prices are reasonable to begin with. The twelve-packs are always a few dollars cheaper than the same thing at the nearby Market District. Second, the selection of deeply discounted seasonal and specialty beers (as in the $7 twelve-packs and $11 cases) is unparalleled! There is literally no reason to buy your beer anywhere else, if you can be getting your regular weeknight swill at 75% off and a fair price for everything else. The place is clean and well organized and the staff are efficient and polite, enabling you to duck in and out in under two minutes. The only hard part is deciding what to leave with!
i was a vet tech for 6 years so I'm pretty particular about people caring for my pets. The groomer (becky) listened to what I wanted and did exactly what we had discussed. My dog always seems quite happy and relaxed after a grooming there. (a really good sign). Also, they are recommended by one of my favorite pet shops in Pittsburgh, Smiley's Pet Pad. I wholeheartedly trust Animal Elegance to take proper care of my little furry friends.
I use their services regularly. They in fact are the only place I will take my dog "Gaffney". The location is right off the main street.  She is always extremely well groomed when they are done.  They are worth the price.
This place is the best! We won't take our dog anywhere else for grooming. It's a very mom & pop type of place. They genuinely cared for our puppy, not to mention the perfect job they did on the cut and washing. Everyone who works here seems to treat the animals with the upmost care. Such a convenient location on Butler Street near Lawrencevillle. Can't wait to go back!! Thank you so much!!!
We recently adopted an overweight Keeshond named Drachma and were hesitant about bringing her to a groomer we didn't know.  Drachma also has social issues and does not take to other animals very well.  This place did a superb job with her!  She seemed to enjoy the company of other animals, due to the owner working with her.  Having lost a lot of weight, Drachma is a difficult groom, but Animal Elegance validated its name.  Bravo!
My favorite Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh.  All-time favorite dish:  eggplant parmesan with their spicy arrabbiata sauce, I had to ask for them to make it that way.  Not your typical layers of fried, heavy eggplant--lighter, chunkier eggplant that melts in your mouth.  My favorite appetizer there is the sizzling olives--they bring you a little cast iron skillet and throw olives in it--they soften and are so wonderful to eat!  Flavor explodes in your mouth!  Also good is ther roasted veggie platter and charcuterie plate.  We typically go on less crowded days, as the restaurant is small--but we've always had excellent service and the food comes out hot and fresh!
I like this place so much! Unpretentious. Everything is made from scratch. Service is amazing. Lots of small plates. Great wine deals... Definitely worth a trip.
Six of us went to dinner, six of us had fabulous meals!  My husband said his seafood fra diavlo was the best he ever ate, not a bit fishy--loaded with fresh seafood and a spicy sauce.  My son had the carbonara which he described as fabulous.  My daughter had the roasted veggie platter as her meal (it is a large appetizer), and I also sampled it--the vegetables and olives were marinated and grilled perfectly.  My father had the skirt steak which he loved, and my son had a sausage pizza.  Both said they were delish!  I usually get the eggplant parmesan with their spicy arribiata sauce but this time I had a pasta dish loaded with artichokes and shrimp in a spicy sauce.  It was excellent!    It was my father's birthday, and they brought out a Tiramisu for us to share (we didn't even ask for it), and that was luscious as well!  The staff was as nice as can be--we will be back without a doubt!  I love this place!
"God this is the best eggplant that I have ever tasted!"  was what our friend said after he took his first bite of the Sicilian eggplant served at Pino's.  My husband couldn't wait to have the seafood fra diavlo, which he had last time...again, a 10 out of 10!  I had the roasted veggie platter for my entree, which is really an appetizer--and I had to share--way too much for one person to eat.  Another comment from our friend (who was a first timer at Pino's) was that it was the best Italian dressing that he ever had.  As I write, I want to go back for dinner tonight!!  Forgot to mention, they also have local beers on tap (East End Brewery), the men enjoyed the Homewood brew (dark lager type beer), it's great to see the owners supporting local businesses!
Another really good meal here!  My friend and I went for soup and appetizers--and licked the plates clean!  Gazpacho, pasta fagiole, homemade bread, eggplant with mozzarella and my favorite...the roasted veggie platter.  So much food we didn't think we would eat it, but it was so good we did!  They also had their doors open and we were able to sit outside in the cool summer air--great way to kick of summer!
New fall items on the menu--their grilled romaine salad is fabulous!
Stopped in without a reservation around 7 pm. I ordered the house soup. It was very yummy. The soup was a tomato based soup with noodles and chick peas. I also tried the sausage flatbread. The flatbread sizing easily fed one. My boyfriend shared with me. The tomato sauce and peppers on it really made the flatbread.   I really one to come back int the summer when the front windows are opened and enjoy some wine and small dishesa
There was absolutely nothing not to like.  Reasonably priced wines, home style Italian cooking. Great upbeat ambience.
I live in Connecticut and visit family in Pittsburgh often. Pino's is my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant.   I don't have one favorite dish because I usually order one of the specials, which change often. I ordered from the regular menu for the first time a couple of weeks ago. The Bolognese sauce on tagliatelle pasta (I think the menu has it on rigatoni) was as good as what I had in Italy. My son had the seafood risotto. It was so good, I need to order it next time.  My brother is a retired chef and hates to eat out because few restaurants are worth paying for what he can make better at home. He loved his meal and his tastes of everyone else's at the table (there were 10 of us). He was giddy to enjoy eating out for the first time in in a long time.  Oh, they also make great cocktails and have a very, very nice wine list.  Oh, if you think you can only get good fries and mussels at the Belgium place around the corner, try Pino's. The fries are topped with crispy herbs... yum!  No, it isn't cheap. But, I'm happy to pay for quality.
I have been going to Pino's for several years with my family so I feel well qualified to give a balanced review rather than basing it on a single experience, good or bad. Every restaurant can have a bad day. And even the worst places can please some customers every now and then.   What you get at Pino's is great service and excellent food. If your idea of Italian is the Olive Garden, you are in for an education and a treat. This is the real deal. We have a family of picky eaters including a full blown celiac and we all love it.  Yes, over the years I have twice seen owner/chef Joe unhappy with unhappy customers. In one case the customer was arrogant and offensive. On the other occasion, Joe should have swallowed his pride if only to avoid the coordinated revenge reviews that followed.
We had dinner and drinks tonight and it was great as usual. We have been here often, with couples, with family, and for a large family event. Service and food have always been top notch.
I am so glad my daughter, aunt and myself  took a chance and tried this restaurant. Liz the waitress was so helpful and friendly. We had great wine and delicious meals. It was also a nice touch that the Chef came to our table to meet and greet. If you love homemade pasta, you will love this restaurant. We will definitely be back!
My wife and I very much enjoyed our meal and the service. I had the Carbonara and my wife had the Chicken Scaloppini. Both very good and large servings.
Can't recommend this barber highly enough.  I was in town, and walked over here.  I realized that they only take cash, but Paul Pirollo just says 'don't worry about it, bring it later'.  There were two guys waiting ahead of me.  It took a while because he does such a good job.  He was familiar with both men, and very friendly.  When he cut my hair, he took his time, and asked my opinion in a considerate way.  He detailed the edges of my hair with hot foam and a straight razor, and used some sort of eucalyptus-smelling post shave ointment. In talking to him I found out that he has been in this location for 53 years.  In all those years he has gotten damn good at his job. I told him 'I'll be right back with the money' and he said 'don't worry about it' come back with it any day'.  I did come right back with it, and gave him a $4 tip on a haircut that cost $15, but he really deserved more for this million-dollar haircut.
This is perhaps the best mechanic shop in Pittsburgh.  It is ran by two brothers and may not look like much but they offer excellent service, honest work and great pricing.  Recently I brought my truck in after another shop said I needed a litany of repairs.  At Bruno's they did only the necessary work and even fixed the ignition switch which had worn out and only charged me for the part.  These guys are great, but they are usually backed up with work so you may have to schedule in advance.
Bruno's is by far the best garage I've ever taken my car to, either here in Pittsburgh or in Los Angeles where I used to live. I drive a 2000 Saab, so believe me, I have A LOT of experience getting my car repaired. The two brothers who own Bruno's are great. They are very knowledgeable, they're very willing to help you and, above all, they're honest, which I've found is a  rare commodity when it comes to mechanics. I cannot possibly recommend Bruno's highly enough.
Absolutely amazing guys here! We were in Pittsburgh visiting my family and the driver's seatbelt stopped working. Day after Thanksgiving and these guys got us in despite obviously being incredibly busy.  It turns out that a piece of plastic had gotten stuck in the buckle. Now we are able to drive home. Thanks!!!!!
Absolutely amazing people!  Not just at fixing cars, but also as people.   We had lived in Pittsburgh for about 22 years prior to moving here, and always relied on Mike and Greg to fix our cars!  We have recently moved out of Pittsburgh and miss them.  In particular when my daughter called recently and mentioned that her brakes were making some sound, I told her that if we were still in Pittsburgh I would have simply dropped off the car there and they would have taken care of it!  They generally have a backlog, so you do need to schedule appointments ahead of time.  But there were quite a few times when I had unexpected problems, and they did their best to accommodate me.  Thanks to both of you!
It is the best mechanic shop I have been to in Pittsburgh.  I went there every year for inspections and every time my car had a problem.  Absolutely excellent service!! The most valuable things that I have found about this shop is the honesty and great price, as other people mentioned in their reviews.  The brothers who work there are very nice and honest. They are always ready to help.  There are a couple of times when it was just a tiny problem with my car, they fixed my car without charging me, and even refused to take my tip.  They always explained to me what problem my car had, gave me recommendations, and found the least costly way to fix it.  The only thing I wish they could've done better is setting up voicemail function for their phone, as the phone doesn't work sometimes. However, they are always in the shop from Monday to Friday when I drop by, even after I get off work at night around 5.   It's not easy to find trustworthy mechanics. I feel pretty lucky.  Definitely recommend to those who are looking for a good mechanic shop in Pittsburgh.
One of my best experience ever. They are dedicated and helpful. The shop is quite small but amazing service can be provided. 10/10.
Gary Senge is the best. He is honest, reliable and an excellent body shop man. When he says he will have the car ready, he will. Our family has been dealing with him for 20 years.
I have used Senge for the past 20 years, for both company and personal vehicles.  The service was always excellent, the prices were always fair, and - most important - was NEVER lied to or given any BS.  If they couldn't do something (rarely), they told me. If there was going to be a delay, they told me.    EXCELLENT SERVICE, FAIR PRICES, AND NO BS.  WHAT MORE CAN YOU WANT?
The guys at Senge are quick, efficient, and cheap. My brother used to work with them, yet I get the same straightforward, no-bs service from them on the days they realize or don't.   Fair prices and they keep you up to date with how long they need.
Broad way is the only place I take my car on the East End. Customer service is through the roof, and I never have any doubt that they do things right and efficiently. They will let me know if something might need fixed in the near future, but have never put pressure on me to pay for more than is immediately necessary. They are good at explaining what is wrong, and don't use the scare tactic that other garages use (using big words and jargon to confuse you into buying more service).  I trust these guys!
I've taken my car to various garages in Pittsburgh throughout the year.  Most of the one's that have 5 stars generally fell short of my expectation except for Broadway Auto.  This garage is by far the most honest, friendly, affordable, fast and trustworthy.  Historically I would end up taking it to Pep Boys because they were cheapest.  I initially went to Bway to cross confirm whether my rear brakes needed to be changed as per Pep Boys.  Bway said everything was fine front and rear and just charged me for inspection.  I felt that showed integrity as plenty of other garages could have changed it out and made money on my lack of knowledge.  It's nice to support a local business that deserves it.
Danny, is a class act. I've met his father before I met Danny, the son. His dad and myself had a saying, my pride and joy. Damn I was like 27 at the time. Then his dad pulled out a card that said pride and joy. I'm now 47 and still take my cars here from time to time. Damn time flies when you're having fun....get 5% off. Tell them Shakim sent you or show them this ad
I love Big Burrito.  They catered my wedding and were fantastic.  Caroline was our main contact.  She really listened to what we wanted, worked within our price range, and had great ideas.  She returned phone calls promptly and communicated well with all of our vendors.  The wait staff provided impeccable service.  The food looked and tasted great. Need I say more? We still stay in touch even after my wedding is over!
They catered our wedding, and the food was exceptional--an uncommonly well executed catered meal, and they worked with us extensively to create a seasonal menu in Pittsburgh in the winter, no small feat. The service at the event was terrific as well.  Some of the communication leading up to the event left a bit more to be desired. There was a fair bit of unnecessary back and forth, extra work for us in the final days because they missed things or told us one thing and told the venue another, having to ask the same question several times to get an answer, small details that were off at the event... Still five stars, however; the food and the day-of service were that good.
Big burrito catered my wedding; I can't say enough good things. Amanda  was our contact and she always available. Everyone commented on our wedding food being the best they have ever had. I would recommend to everyone!!
The best, most honest and reliable car guys in the Burgh. I lived in Pittsburgh for eight years and still have family there. I drive in from out of state so these guys can do work for me.
Great service. I had my tail light replaced and had it bought online. Other places said that they wouldn't install something that wasn't bought at their place. Bastone finished the work very quickly and did a great job. Great service and value.
I was passing through Pittsburgh and discovered a headlight was out.  I found Bastone through Yelp and drove over.    They fixed the light on the spot charging me $12.  First impressions are great - very clean repair shop and the service for this minor repair was done in a friendly and welcoming manner.
I have taken my cars to Bastone's for years and would highly recommend them.  Always friendly, always courteous, never trying to sell me on unnecessary work.   I really appreciate their honesty and their help in keeping my old car working and on the road.
Bastone is the best auto service I have found in the US.  I have trusted my car to them for all the years I have been in Pittsburgh and I do not plan on changing them.  They are very professional, logical prices, and they make everything possible to meet your time schedule if you ask them for.  They even give some perks for "loyalty" customers (e.g., free oil change for every 6 oil changes you do there - of course this means every 2.5-3 years but still).  The also have a shuttle to drop you off (I have never used it but I have seen other people using it).  However, because they are so good they are very busy too, so make an appointment ahead of time.  They are also not open during weekends.
Bastone was able to get my car into the shop the very day I was out looking to get my car repaired. Carl, the man who assisted me, was very friendly, addressed all my concerns, and called me with an estimate before doing work (front end and alignment). Compared to the horror stories you can read online, their prices are very reasonable. I picked up my car a few hours later and the steering is tight, dead-center, and hasn't felt this good to drive since I bought it. I will definitely be returning if any other problem with my car arises. Nice work guys.
Perfect place! I needed help today and they helped me....no charge...just asked me to do something nice for somebody else today!
The guys at Bastone are great. Everyone is friendly and knowledgable. We've brought our car in several times for both regular service and repairs and they always work quickly and provide a solution at a reasonable price. They're always very patient when we ask lots of questions. Our car has never been in better shape thanks to Bastone.
I quickly needed a car inspection and called around. Bastone picked up and was able to fit me in within the week. I dropped off the car early in the morning ~8:30am and got a call around 11:30 to pick it up!! Good timing as I had run my errands nearby and sat down at a coffee shop to get some work done.  Great service and friendly folks.
I came here for a state safety inspection. They were able to fit me in the same day without an appointment, which was nice because I was working from home with a cold that day, so it was convenient.  The shop office is a little dated with floor to ceiling wood paneling - but in some weird way, I really liked it. All over were posted old photographs of family, friends, etc, and I could tell there were a lot of memories and history in this place.  The inspection went fine, they didn't try to sell anything unnecessary to me, and I was given the same price I was told. Unfortunately, no experience actually getting my car repaired here, but based on this experience, I'd be happy to give them a try.
Carl, and Bob were very helpful with the inspection and repairs on my 2010 BMW 5 series. Their pricing was extremely fair and reasonable. They were honest and trustworthy in the handling of the repairs.  Its a modest little shop conveniently located. They got me in and out quickly and efficently.  I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly they were able to handle the inspection and repairs so that I wasn't without my vehicle for more than a day. Their hours could be a little longer for pickup, but worth the trade-off in getting a good value, and great service. Drop-off after hours was easy with a drop box for keys. I would recommend to others, and will certainly go back for service in the future.
Honest and helpful mechanics. I've had my car inspected here multiple times, had a few problems fixed, and recommended coworkers to come here. Never have had an issue -- in fact, when another mechanic was trying to rip off a coworker, I recommended he come here instead, and they fixed his car issues for much less.
I am emotionally attached to this place.This place has given me food and given me a place to go to early morning's when all the clubs are closed.:)    The night starts by saying-"It's Party Time" and eventually ends at Giant Eagle at times.Three cheers for Giant Eagle!!!     Now,i have to cheat on you,by going to Ralphs in West Coast.Sigh... Oh,that became more of a letter to Giant Eagle(Giggles).For the note,its a huge Grocery store,and it's close to CMU and Upitt.  -Smriti
I been going to this place since the 90s and this place is the MIDDLE CLASS GE. I stopped going to this place since I got a job at whole foods. My mom went here a two weeks ago for the first tine in a long time she say that the people are still there and the place looks better and the people are a lot friendly now.  So if you don't what too shop at a Middle Class food store in East Liberty then go to The Market in Shadyside.
Jasmine was great. Fair price, easy experience. Also, lots to do in area.  As to the negative reviews, I guess it just depends on who you have cut your hair. I waited about 15 mins and that let me see how the different stylists cut hair. I went with the one that did it how I like it.
I don't why people had bad experience I guess they might have new people working here. Cassie is awesome she took what I wanted n made it more awesome. I was greeted right away the wait wasn't long n the price was good.
According to Urbanspoon (blasphemy I know) their are like 1,100 pizza places in pittsburgh. So what is the best pizza in Pittsburgh. Everyone has an opinion and so here is mine: The best pizza in Pittsburgh is the pie comes from the place in you neighborhood that has quality ingredients, fair prices, and friendly service. Eddie's Pizza Place  is all of these things and since I live in this neighborhood this is my favorite.
Great pizza. Dough always fresh, sauce has a nice tang, cheese blend is just right. Delivery has been prompt each time. Definitely our fav neighborhood pizza delivery place.
Had a fair bit of work done to my car after a winter's worth of ice landed on the hood.  Excellent work, not the fastest but the end result was impeccable.
Was referred here by my mechanic to have my front bumper replaced. Had it done quickly and inexpensively. Even drove my wife to work when she dropped it off. Called on my way there to pick it up and asked about an estimate on a scratch along the side of my car. When I got there they had an estimate printed out but they just finished buffing out the scratch and touching it up for free. Looks great. Also compounded my headlights because they were yellowing for free. Very impressed!
Great results, great people, great customer service. I've brought my car in to this shop three times, and my husband has used it once. They do excellent, honest work here and are so friendly and knowledgeable that I know I can come in for car body advice at any time. I wish I could give them more business, but I'm leaving the state. Will miss this place. Never thought I'd say that about a body shop.
Super nice guys. They ended up doing a number of simple things for free and they're not afraid of complex jobs. If you need help with your door hinges, come here.
My god what a magician. Took in my severely dented VW golf 2013 TDI in which had a horrible dent in the back left rear upper panel. I wish I had taken a picture to compare before and after but it's as if there was never a dent. The dent was at a corner of the frame so it wasn't just a simple bump out. He had go resculpt the corner. A true artist, he bumped out edge and repainted/buffed the finish.   Also a really great guy he's super fun to talk to and mentioned he's been working on cars since he was 18! (40 some years ago)  5/5 would come again.
I was referred to Bonura and Sattler Auto Body by my mechanic after a fender bender. Called them up and talked to Bob, the owner. He was so nice on the phone. After describing the problem he said bring it in tomorrow morning and I'll do it for free. And as promised, he fixed my car and didn't charge me a cent. He and his staff were very polite, respectful and accommodating. You could tell that they cared about doing a good job. It was fun to talk to Bob. I will go there again for sure and will spread the word about how great an experience I had there.
My wife and I have been going here for as long as we have lived in Pittsburgh, which is about 10 years.  This is our go-to Chinese restaurant, even after we moved out of the neighborhood.  I have never had a bad meal here, and I will forever love their beef chow fun!  My wife and I are moving to North Carolina in two days, and Tasty Chinese was the thing about Pittsburgh that we said we would miss the very most.  These are great folks, and I wish them the best of success in the future.  Remember, everyone, just because you read a negative review it does not mean that the food is bad!  Some people just have lousy taste buds, and many people have no idea what they are ordering to begin with.  Try things for yourself, and you will find some great food at Tasty!
Tasty is Pittsburgh's BEST kept secret for Cantonese cuisine. If you're Chinese and miss your mum's cooking, this is the place to go!!! The service is fast, the food is cheap and they serve you gummies to end of the meal! Did I mention that there's a designated parking lot right infront of the store?  Don't order the American standards of General Tso's and Moo Goo Gai Pan , unless you REALLY want to. This is the place to get really authentic home cooked food. Order the steam ground pork, or steam ground pork with egg, the tofu, veggie and mushroom dish on the special menu written in Chinese( second from the right), the cold steamed chicken with ginger, or the chicken with mushroom, or the pork chop with pepper sauce, or the shrimp with egg and the list goes on.   If you have an occasion, say a graduation dinner, the restaurant will even roast you a duck (yum!), or stir fry up some lobster with ginger and scallions ( big yum!) or stew you some pork with lotus root soup ( super yum!). And they will arrange the tables nicely, and cover them up with some festive table cloth. The owners are also really accomodating with regards to changing the menu at short notice and special requests. If you need to refrigerate a cake, they will gladly oblige. They do not serve alcohol, its a BYOB place. The BEST part, a ten course dinner for 11 people will set you back about $120 or so including tax and tip (menu included roast duck and lobster)!    My husband and I have been eating at this little hole in the wall for years now and we are really going to miss it when we move.  The owners are really nice and the food is great!
Excellent for take out.  The food off their Cantonese menu is excellent.  The American menu is good also, just that I don't like Americanized Chinese food.
Yo folks, this is the best authentic Cantonese cruisine in town. Don't order the Americanized Chinese food. Order from the Chinese menu!
Home of the Italian Army.  I grew up on Vento's and have been coming since they were in their old location when Sears was still there before Home Depot was built.  Vento's is located in the East Liberty section of Pittsburgh right next to Home Depot. They have been in business forever! They are a pizza and hoagie shop. They are famous for their Italian Army hoagie. I have friends that as soon as they land in Pittsburgh they come straight to Vento's for the pizza! It is Sicilian style pizza and It is delicious! Everything is made fresh so sometimes you have to wait a little while for your food. It's best to call ahead if you're really hungry.  They have tables and booths for seating. You can even play the PA lottery there.   No debit or credit cards. CASH ONLY!  (F.Y.I. There is a generic ATM that charges $1.75 to make a withdraw.)
I love the history and the atmosphere.. Albert Vento is in Myron copes book and is a STAPLE in da burgh...  He started "Franco's Italian Army" !!!!!! Vento's Italian Army Hoagies,, and AMAZING PIZZA.
IF you love the Steelers, you gotta Love Ventos...I love the history and the atmosphere.. Albert Vento is in Myron copes book and is a STAPLE in da burgh...  He started "Franco's Italian Army" !!!!!!   You have to try Vento's Italian Army Hoagies,, and AMAZING PIZZA... I love Literally ALL food Sean the chef Makes... The Secret Sauce is phenom on Calzones too..
Ventos is an East End tradition.   The Sicilian style pizza is the bomb!   It is more of a traditional working-class Pittsburgh style crust.  It comes square, and bread like.  Think of men coming home from the steel mill with their thick crusty slices of square sauce & cheese pizza, circa 1955.    If you prefer the doughy (Dominos or similar) kind of pizza crust, sickeningly sweet sauce (Papa Johns) or brick oven 'designer' pizza you might not like Vento's pizza.  It's a workingclass style of pizza in a workingclass neighborhood.  Personally, I happen to love Vento's pizza-my dad worked in steel mills all of his working days, lol.  They also have subs, and other items like deep fried mushrooms.  This is a blue collar  establishment in a an urban working-class neighborhood,  Ventos is the real deal.   Everything I've had from here is hearty & good.
What a wonderful hidden gem! My boyfriend and I have been here twice and we have raved about it both times.  The service is wonderful - the employees are patient, kind and helpful.  The food isn't 5 star, but it IS really really good and, best of all, cheap as hell! Sure the pizza may not be cut into "pizza shape," but that doesn't make it any less wonderful at all.  Everything I have ever had here is wonderful and I will definitely be taking multiple 30 minute trips back here to support this independent business.
Place is amazing. food is made to order but it comes out fresh and hot!  Pizza is square cut and the corners are the best.
The food quality is good or not great. I do love the following. The anti-pasto is very good. I love there wedding soup. Don't write this place off due to some bad reviews, because they are flat out WRONG.
Mike"s auto body is fantastic. Not only do the do great work, but the experience is great to. The shop is clean and comfortable. They have a contests with enterprise so you can pick up and drop off a rental there. They even give you a can of glass cleaner and snacks when you pick up your car. They have fantastic customer service.
I had to choose from a list of insurance-approved body shops to get my car repaired after an accident. Mike's Auto Body was nearby and more highly rated than other convenient options.  They did not disappoint. The turnaround time was quick (less than 3 days) and they did a great job! My car looks as though the accident never happened and I am quite pleased with the work. They had to fix a large dent and some scraped paint. The neighborhood the shop is located in is not great (some interesting "characters" soliciting in the intersection nearby), but the shop itself is clean and comfortable. I did not feel unsafe going to and from the shop in daylight. The customer service was excellent, as well. Everyone I interacted with was professional and courteous. I was continually updated with progress on my repairs and they were actually finished a day earlier than expected. I hope I don't need to go back to Mike's for repairs, but I would definitely choose them again in the event of an accident!
Finding someone to do quality collision repair fast and correct is always a stressful situation. I visited 3 Pittsburgh body shops with Mike's being the highest of quality.   Because of their popularity most of their work is repairs via insurance companies. Their new building is fantastic and their staff is nice and professional. They are also a Geico auto repair X-press shop and have Enterprise car rental representatives on site to make a rental car easy and hassle free.  On their website they do provide updated pictures and status as to your repair. I did find this not updated as fast as my car was done before it stated online. No big deal though.  One thing I wanted to mention is that out of the 3 repair places that I got estimates, Mike's Auto Body was the only place that decided it would be cost effective to replace the fender sheet metal instead of trying to pound out, bondo and sand the old damaged fender. I was thankful for the decision they made.  They also cleaned my car inside and out, put in paper floor mats, gave complimentary glass cleaner and a little goody bag for when I picked up my car.  It is a shame they don't do full body paint because I know they would do a great job if they did.  I highly recommend them to anybody. Their location is not in such a bad area at all. I am not too far from the Pittsburgh Zoo and it was only minutes away.  I would go back to them again for any car finish needs.
I was rear-ended with not too serious damage in July 2013.  Since my car is new I really wanted my dealer to do the repairs.  Geico sent me to Mikes and since their claims adjuster was in situ as was Enterprise this was too easy to pass  up.  I was dubious but they really did an excellent job.  They finished in only a few days, they were polite and my car was clean when I picked it up. Neighborhood is sketchy but I didn't have any problems. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
The people that work here make an unfortunate incident a breeze to work through.  I woke up one morning to find a note attached to my windshield to inform me that I was the victim of a hit and run.  The damage was minimal, but after calling it into my insurance company, they directed me to come here.  Within minutes of me hanging up my phone with the insurance company my phone was ringing to indicate that Mikes was calling to set up an appointment to get my car in for an estimate.  I set up an appointment that was convenient for me and went about my day.  When I arrived here to have my car viewed it was quite the easy task.  My wait was minimal, the staff were polite and I wasn't being jerked around.  Within five minutes of them looking at my car, I was out the door and heading back to my place.    Unfortunately, they did not do any work to my vehicle at this point because the police are still looking into the person that hit my car.  But if we get to that step, I am confident that they could not do anything wrong in my eyes.  If their body work for a vehicle is anything like their customer service, they are definitely one of the best places to go in the city.  Yes people, this isn't the best neighborhood in the city, but get over it.
Mike's doesn't really need another stellar review on here, but I'll give them another one anyway.  I'm a choir director at a church, and after rehearsal a few weeks ago, one of my choir members ran into my car in the parking lot and crunched the rear bumper. Bummer...  I had never had to file an insurance claim before, and wasn't really sure what to expect. Dealing with Mike's was about as easy as it gets. I called to set up an appointment for the estimate and drove down a few days later. I was only there about 10-15 minutes and got sent on my way.  A few days after that (Monday), I took my car in for the repair. It did take a couple days longer than they said, which is really the only negative thing I can say about Mike's, but considering I didn't have to pay for the rental car, it wasn't a huge deal. When I did get my car back (Thursday), like others have said, it was in even better condition than when I took it in (besides the dent, of course)! They had cleaned/waxed the outside, and even cleaned and detailed the inside! If they just did detailing, I would take my Impreza there every time! Mike's rules!
Mikes took my car after horrible repairs/service from Kenny Ross South.  The service was great and I even got to meet the owner who came out to personally speak with me on a busy Friday afternoon.  Great guys there.
I had a great experience taking my vehicle to Mike's for repair after a fender bender. I used the Geico express service - I booked the estimate and repair online for the next day. When I dropped off my car, they were expecting me, it took less than 30 minutes and every single person I encountered at the shop was helpful and friendly and showed concern for me. The damage was minor, and the repairs took less than 48 hours to complete. My policy provides a rental car, and Enterprise was there when I checked in with my vehicle and the rental process was streamlined and easy. When I picked up my repaired car, it was just as efficient and friendly. Getting into an accident is frustrating and inconvenient and costly but Mike's Auto Body made the process of fixing things and getting me back on the road into a good experience. I wish more businesses treated their customers like Mike's treated me.
Mikes did an awesome job on my SRX after I dented it backing into my garage. The insurance claim  adjuster was on site as well as one of Mikes professionals to meet me when I brought the car in.  They reviewed the damage , gave me a solid estimate and took the car right then. They kept me informed of the progress of the repair. The car looks amazing and they even left a gift bag in the car with a variety of  car care products and other good things as a thank you . the repair took a little longer than originally estimated but the quality of workmanship was well worth the wait. Thank you Mikes!
Had a great experience at Mikes. I backing into a loading dock, which completely shattered my taillight and dented my side panel. I'm a college student so naturally I was very upset and worried to see how much it would cost. They made me feel comfortable and gave me a great price for the repair which only took a couple of hours! Definitely would go back again.
They did a  fantastic job on my car. I did not go through insurance so of course it cost more than I was hoping. Also my car was in the shop an extra day or two than expected. But DO NOT GET ME WRONG they do quality work, fair price, and Paul and both of the receptionists I spoke with, are as friendly as can be. They even fixed things that a different body shop in Texas messed up on; Mikes body shop fixed their mistake for under $12. I highly recommend them to anyone. Even tho they are not in the best of neighborhoods, they do quality work for a reasonable price and they even wash, vacuum and buff your car for free.   Ps- they warranty all of their work the entire time you own your vehicle
I took my car here after a pretty nasty fender bender I was involved in. I initially came here because they were approved and recommended by my insurance carrier, GEICO. All I can say is how over the top impressed I was with the entire operation. First off the area I was greeted in was VERY clean and welcoming. I was treated promptly and respectfully by the staff. Given a realistic quote, including some extra work I wanted to have done while the car was being worked on. I know some people on here have complained about the work taking extra time, but mine was done a little sooner than anticipated. It was the morning of instead of end of the day quoted, but I'll take it. The car looked amazing too. The work was absolutely top notch.  The kicker for me though was I did not have rental policy on my insurance, so Mike's provided me with a loaner car for the duration of the repairs. What AMAZING customer service. I can't recommend these guys highly enough.
Unbelievable service and professionalism. Super fast work and done right. Thats what you get from a business that spans a generation and is a local success story.
I never grew up with a pet so getting one was a new experience. I had always heard kill/no-kill shelters whatever... I got my new dog Crosby from ARL which happens to be a "kill shelter". Thinking about this, I felt truly good getting him there because I felt as though I was saving him from some other destiny. However, he is so cute that I'm sure someone else would have adopted him...  The shelter itself is large and the volunteers and vet-techs that you interact with are very friendly. The dogs are constantly walked and you can tell the animals receive a ton of love from the staff. Adoption is made easy unless you rent in which case you should probably bring a letter from your landlord stating you are allowed to adopt. Another perk is that when Crosby had "kennel cough" we went after hours to get him some medication and they still let us in and treated him...In short, great adoption experience at ARL.
I adopted my dog, Paco, a pitbull mix on Memorial day weekend. He was a crazy wild dog, that had been returned twice before. He clearly needed some work, but was a sweet, handsome boy, and I couldn't pass him up!   The ARL offered us help in free obedience classes, and also offered us a donated crate. We ended up taking him to Pat Moloney's K9 Academy to finish his training, and with a lot of hard work and dedication, he is a FANTASTIC dog, and a great companion.  The ARL facility was very nice and clean, the staff was helpful, and it is a product of it's volunteers for sure! They were all helpful and seem to know Paco as we walked him out of the shelter!  Things I liked most about the ARL:  Helpful staff & volunteers Clean environment Meet & Greet rooms Outside play area to observe the dog off leash On-site vet/clinic Small store to purchase necessities On-site training, and helpful tips from staff regarding training They care. All of them. From staff to volunteer, they all care and it shows.  Things I disliked:  Nothing.
I'm a crazy cat lady and proud of it!   Being a volunteer here has been so fulfilling on many different levels.  It has made me feel so good to be able to help out with something that I feel passionately about.  You can tell that the staff puts a lot of effort into taking care of these animals they accept in.  A lot of times people will say, oh I can't do it, it's too sad.  But the thing is, it's not.  It's actually so great because these animals come here and find loving homes instead of being on the street or in an environment that's toxic.  I rarely see animals there for a long time.  I think that's a testament to the way they are treated while they're in the facility.   Now I'll admit, I'm not the biggest dog fan, so I help out in the cat shelter.  I can talk about that with a lot more knowledge than the dog side.  They just built a new cat facility on their property so they have their own shelter.  The cats are all set up in a huge room.  They have two rooms for people to play with the cats when they are looking to adopt them.  These rooms are also used for "cat cuddling."  That's what I do when I volunteer.  I get to take the cats out so that they can play, be cuddled or just run around.  Then the cats are able to get out of the cages and get used to human contact.   The other great thing about the ARL is that they have foster parents who take in cats and dogs while they're waiting to be adopted.  This way, they get a great home environment and it relieves the facility of having too many animals at one time. At different points in the year the adoption rates are different depending on the amount of animals they have.  Cat rates are usually cheaper in the Spring/Summer because there's more coming in and dog rates are cheap in the late summer months.  The added bonus of adopting a pet from the ARL is that they are spade or neutered when you adopt them.  It's actually cheaper then taking them to a normal vet on your own.   I would STRONGLY recommend coming here to check out the animals and hopefully find your next furry friend!  OR you can volunteer!  They have volunteer informational sessions the first Saturday of every month.  After that you only have one training session to complete and you're ready to volunteer!    Just check it out if you're curious.  You won't regret it!  Your new furry friends will appreciate it as well!
I have an almost three-year-old cat named Jack that I spoil as if he were my son. I honestly never experienced the love for and from an animal until I adopted Jack from an Animal Rescue League. It was one of the best decisions I've ever made.  The shelter is great and I'll probably get another cat in the near future. Check this location out!
A few years ago, I decided that I wanted to get a pet and so I volunteered at the ARL for a number of months in order to learn about the different breeds of cats and dogs. It was an invaluable experience and really helped me to learn about dog behavior. I still serve as a cat foster from time to time.  The staff here have a tough and sometimes heart-breaking job. It's not  for the faint of heart but they're all very nice and do their best by the animals and the people who come in to adopt and surrender the poor beasts.  Ultimately, I didn't get my doggy from the ARL (sometimes the heart doesn't get give you a choice) but my experiences there have really taught me a lot about animals and have only served to heighten my love for my 10yr old rescue pup.
Great place to find a dog or a cat
I adopted another cat in February and both my cats are the best of friends. It took a while to get there, but trust me, they're pals now.  Adopt an animal today!
I volunteer as a dog coach twice a week and i am absolutely in love with the ARL. There are two beautiful babies, whom I have walked for weeks, that I wanna mention (these ladies would be mine if I didn't already have a grumpy Basset and an elderly Shiz zhu @ home):  Bunny (my girl!! Bunny ears, and the sweetest temperament):  http://www.animalrescue.org/available-pets  Honey (I love her to death, 6 years old, just wants to be loved!!):  http://www.animalrescue.org/available-pets  Stop by the ARL! It is worth the trip. :)
I have gotten two great dogs from ARL over the years the staff is polite and really cares about the animals and finding them the right home. They get the animals the best vet care they can and i believe they have an on site clinic. I would suggest even if they have a special on adoption prices pay the full amount if you can.  From what I see they take great care of the animals and could use all the money they can to make sure this continues.
I could never stop saying good things about the Animal Rescue League! As other reviewers have pointed out, going there both breaks and warms your heart.  I adopted my puppy, Brock, back in January, and I couldn't be happier.  The staff was super helpful and very kind. They gave us enough time to make sure Brock was the right dog for us, and also made sure we knew what we were getting ourselves into. (Brock is a husky mix, so he's a ball full of energy. Great running buddy! :) )  I will most definitely be back and plan on telling all friends considering a pet to adopt from the ARL!
A few years ago, I lost my partner and love of my life in a tragic accident.  While struggling with my horrific grief and having difficulty getting back into life as I once knew it, my grief counselor suggested that I "help something else" in order to help myself feel better.  We decided that since I was an animal lover I would try volunteering at an animal shelter.  I was not working, so I had a lot of time and wanted the shelter to feel right.  I visited a few, they all do good work, but the one that kept drawing me back was the ARL.  Yes, the building is old, it's a bit run down, but that doesn't stop the staff and administration from doing the best they can with so very little and in not the best of space.  I saw a bathroom be "renovated into a vet tech office, I saw the janitor's closet renovated and made in to the "rodent room."  Where cats once lived in cages along the halls of the ARL a new building next door, an old gas station was made into the "Cat Adoption Center!"  When you have staff that are still young and are going on 5-10 years + at the same shelter, (same place of employment for that matter) you know something about the place is right!  I volunteer easily 30 hours a week at the ARL, I get to see the good, the bad and the ugly, and I can tell you first hand that the good is in the staff, the Executive Director, Dan Rossi, and all of the work that goes on for the animals.  The staff knows EVERY one of the animals, they do all they can to care for them, and keep the doors WIDE open for both domestic and wild animals, even if that means a staff member or volunteer takes a cat or dog home!  The answer is never ever "no" to any animal.  I also volunteer for the Humane Society of the United States and travel around the countryside working on dogfighting raids, cruelty, hoarding, natural disasters, and the ARL has never said no to me when I ask to bring animals back from incredibly sad or inhumane situations.  Technically, by the numbers, it is a "no-kill" shelter, because it is open door people will often call it a "kill shelter."  Yes, sometimes an animal does have to be euthanized.  The ARL is the Animal Control shelter for the city of Pittsburgh and with that can bring some very upsetting and disturbing signs of animal cruelty.  It can also mean it's the dog who just bit a kid that you just saw on the news.  The ARL has an obligation to society to not let dangerous dogs back on the street, to euthanize when a dog is very sick or is very aggressive to humans or other animals, and trust me, I have held many of those dogs as they are put to sleep and I always am so thankful that the vet staff we have are so compassionate and do the euthanasia in the most humane manner.  That's a tough job, it's heartbreaking, but in some cases it has to be done for the good of the animal and for the safety of society.  I admire the work and staff of the ARL and will continue to devote my time to them and thank them for the wonderful work they do on behalf of the city of Pittsburgh and all of the wild and domestic animals alike.  We are so lucky to have them in our area and as our city shelter.
The ARL is great! Earlier in the month, we mistakenly adopted 2 pit bulls. After they killed my rabbit and got loose a few times, we felt they were too much and gave them up. The people who worked there were really understanding and asked us a lot of questions so as to provide the best care for them until they are hopefully adopted by the right people.  Sorry Chloe and Coco. :(   They are a NO-KILL shelter too. Always a huge plus.
I adopted a dog from the ARL this past spring.  During the adoption process the employees were polite and seemed genuinely happy for me.  Shortly after the adoption, I received emails from a volunteer to check in and to inquire about how the dog and I were adjusting.  A few months after the adoption, it became clear that the dog had some pretty serious anxiety and behavioral issues (please note that there is no way the shelter staff could have known about the issues while the dog was in the shelter).  I contacted the shelter and they practically  bent over backwards to help me with the dog's issues.  The dog and I participated in two sessions of behavioral classes (Lacey is wonderful and never gave up on my dog!), consulted with veterinary staff, and received constant emails from staff offering suggestions and checking in to see how I was doing.  In the end, I learned how to manage the dog's behaviors and I love the dog dearly.  Nine months later, I still receive emails from the shelter asking about the dog and offering more suggestions.  I would highy suggest adopting from this shelter.  I understand that my dog is sort of a worse-case-senerio of adopting a pre-owned dog; however, this shelter will make sure you are happy with your adoption and literally will do everything in their power to ensure both you and the adopted animal are ok.  The shetler staff care deeply about the animal AND the human's well-being!
I've had such good experiences with ARL, that I will probably return here again and again.  Years ago we adopted a mutt of a puppy that turned out to be the best dog that I could have ever imagined.  But let me talk about my most recent visit.  While browsing Facebook, I noticed that they were having an event at ARL.  This particular event was called the Free Fur All.  The event involved free adoption to qualified adopters, free micro-chipping for any pet (adopted there or elsewhere), free dog baths, and goodies for both human and furry companions.  I had plans to get Little Man E microchipped during his appointment to take his manhood away (don't worry, we've talked about it and he is fine by it), but when this popped up and said it was free.  Hot damn, you know I was in line.  It's also probably one of the more easy and humane ways to keep ties on your dog or cat just in case they were to run off one night.  Once we were registered, we waited at most for 15 minutes.  It's a very quick thing to have done.  Little Man E didn't even flinch.  He was more amused by his reflection in the table than that little pinch behind the shoulder blade.  I have to give huge kudos to the staff there.  They are so very friendly to not only you, but your pet.  It's like they talk their language.  I also have to thank them because while we were there, LME somehow ripped his one toenail and they were kind enough to clip as much of it off as they could (no extra charge either!).  Once done, we just walked outside to see what was up (E skipped the bath).  We visited one of the tables and E selected a ball and bandanna and we decided to head out after that.  This place is amazing for so many different pet oriented things.  I'll definitely be coming back here whenever I need something for LME.
This place is PHENOMENAL. I got my bunny here a few months ago and the ladies were so nice and helpful and they take SUCH good care of the animals.  They gave me a bit of hay and food for her that lasted me close to three months.  Then when we were leaving we saw a cage of six dwarf hamsters and they gave us a deal of 2/$10. I love my animals so much and I will always check here first for pets before anywhere else.
I adopted two cats from animal rescue league and my cats are healthy and happy. They take care of animals with love and kindness. They are of course so busy because there are many abandoned pets from irresponsible humans.. But they made the whole adoption process easy and after almost a year my cats are still lovely and gives me so much love.
I just adopted my second dog from this shelter, I think they're wonderful! You must keep in mind that no rescue shelter is going to look like a 5 Star hotel and be able to keep every animal free from illness, but the ARL does a great job. All pets are spayed/neutered, vaccinated, and receive a microchip. Your first vet visit after your adoption is half-off their already cheap prices at their in-house vet clinic. They also give you a little goodie bag along with the pets vet records.  I'm so thankful for the furry friends I've adopted from the ARL!
Everyone I have encountered here is amazing. You can tell they are passionate and dedicated when it comes to their job. I adopted a kitten here at the end of the summer and she is absolutely perfect. You can tell that she was loved & cared for while in their care.   I took her for a 6 month check up recently and the vet was so nice. He took time to look over her and was genuinely kind to me and my mom. Sometimes people who work with animals lose their people skills, but this guy was great. It's waaaaay out of my way, but I'd definitely take Lily back there for any problems that arise. Well worth the drive.
We recently lost our beloved cat, and our hearts are still broken. I couldn't stand our house without a cat, so I begged my husband to go look at kittens. We knew we wanted a shelter cat, so we went to the ARL.  It was a wonderful experience. The volunteers were very helpful. We were holding kittens in the kitten room, but the one we seemed to really like was very nervous. They allowed us to take her into another room, and checked on us numerous times. They were extremely busy and short-staffed, but efforts were still made to make sure we were able to bond with the kitten. They weren't pushy, and they were very patient.  Once we made our decision to adopt, they whisked us over to the main building. The whole process took about 20 minutes. The staff really cares about the well being of their animals. It's great place!
The Animal Rescue League is simply the friendliest, most human and pet friendly shelter in the city. I cannot thank them enough for allowing me to adopt my new little buddy.   I was able to meet and greet with the cat that I was looking to adopt, and spend some time with him in a secluded play area. His foster was there to ask some questions about what I was looking for in a cat and if I had any experience with cat care. All pretty standard for what you should expect before rescuing a new family member.   The adoption process was super easy, the paperwork was standard and nothing intrusive or out of the ordinary. The adoption counselors were very thorough with the paperwork and answered any and all questions I had about my kitty's health and history. And all-in-all, I was able to take him home the same day I filled out the paperwork.   This place is great and takes wonderful care of their animals. I would highly recommend them be your first stop for adopting.   Score out of Five:  Friendliness: Five stars! Customer Service: Five stars! Ease of Adoption Process: Five stars!  Would I ever recommend them? Absolutely!
This place is wonderful, although the facility itself needs some help.  The people who work there are wonderful, friendly, and helpful. They really want to get these animals adopted out in to good and loving homes. I only dealt with one individual who I thought was a little rude and she was just the person who checked us out, so we didn't have to deal with her very long.  We adopted a wonderful Pitbull Mix named Hank from here. He's such a sweet dog. He was in pretty good shape when we got him too. All of the animals looked relatively healthy. It really seems like they're trying to do the best with what they've got. I love how non-judgmental they are. They make you answer questions, but nothing that seems too crazy. Their adoption fees are reasonable, and I think it's wonderful how they just give you a leash and let you take dogs that you're considering on a walk.  Great place. Hank is one of the best things that has ever happened to us. If we are ever looking for another furry addition to our family, I have no doubt that we'll come here.
Excellent tailor, I have been happy with every alteration I have asked from him, including two coats that needed the waist nipped in. It's a bit on the expensive side but it's worth it to have clothes that actually fit and no longer sitting sadly in the closet. I have also taken my dry cleaning there, no issues at all. Overall very happy to have Vincent in the neighborhood!
While looking for a rental after relocating Rockwel was extremely helpful and courteous.  They were very responsive and accommodating with the right deadline my wife and I were under.  They were willing to go above and beyond to get the place prepped in time. Couldn't recommend them more.
We have been living in our apartment with this company for more than 8 years & really love it. This is an OLD building-- about 90 years old. It has great character & a lot of quirks. That's what we like about it! The building is well maintained but one can expect things to go wrong in any home this old. The folks at Rockwel Realty are extremely responsible & responsive to our calls. Most things are resolved within a day & real emergencies are responded to immediately. For example, we've had a broken water heater that was replaced the same day; last winter when the weather was below zero for several days in a row & we had a broken water pipe, the landlord was over in 5 minutes. A plumber was over within an hour.  The landlords keep the property clean, landscaped, and in working order and are pleasant, trustworthy, and dependable.
On my recent road trip from Dallas to New Haven, CT, Randy S. and I stopped in Pittsburgh to revel in its charms. This, I must add, was in opposition to his mother's strong protests to the effect of, "There's nothing *in* Pittsburgh, why would anyone go there?"   Tazza D'oro is the answer to that question. Especially if you like coffee. This is easily one of the best coffee shops east of the Mississippi, and I've been to a lot of them. So, what's so good about it?  Let's go in order of importance:  Coffee - It is really, really good. They use Batdorf and Bronson beans, where an ex-gf of mine used to work in Olympia. Believe me when I tell you that B&B is good. It's not amazingly great, but it's very solid and they take roasting seriously. When I go to a new coffee place I suspect might be good I always get a latte. Why? This one has a high upside if done well and the lowest downside (lots of milk) if done poorly. I got a latte. They have a few sizes, 12oz was the first one I got. It was fantastic. They did a nice little rosetta in it too (look up latte art on google if you have no idea what this is). The baristo really knew what he was doing and pulled a some good shots with excellent crema.   The coffee was so good (coffee is supposed to taste bold, smooth and rich, which it almost never does and this place had it down) I had to go back for an 8oz, which is another level of trust. It has the same amount of coffee but less milk to hide poor coffee quality. It was always superior.   This is a coffee place that is truly top notch based on the coffee alone, but there was more.   Pastries - They all looked amazing. I had a plain donut while I waited in line. Normally I don't eat plain donuts, because life is too short for plain donuts, but it was really, very good. Everyone was commenting on how nice the pastries were.  Atmosphere - This place has it exactly right. It's a mom & pop feel, nothing forced. Some tables, outdoor seating, maybe some local art, but not in a goofy sort of way. Very friendly employees. Just a complete home run.   Obviously I loved it. Behind me in line for my re-up, I heard a girl behind me in line complain, "we could just go to Starbucks, it's cheaper!" then proceeded to order with sugar free syrups and skim milk. That's fine. Everyone has to do what they like... and with the proliferation of bad coffee (Starbucks only being guilty of mediocre, though a little bit interesting coffee) over the past 10 years, I don't blame people for being set that way. But the beautiful thing about Tazza D'Oro (cup of gold in Italian) is that--if you let it--it will remind you that you don't need to make your coffee up like a drag queen on Halloween.  Tazza D'Oro stands as a reminder that coffee can be enjoyed in all its naked glory in an awesome setting on a beautiful street and give you a good f'ing reason to go to Pittsburgh.
This is one of my two favorite coffeehouses in town. It took me far too long to come around and love Tazza D'oro. A horrible ex of mine loved this place and I admit that this soured me. I regret the time I wasted not going here. The dark wood inside comforts me. The small tables outside are a great place to spend the summer.   Tazza D'Oro brews Batdorf and Bronson beans (amazing), provides Enrico pastries (amazing) free wireless (amazing) and one of the most talented and friendly staffs I've ever met (amazing). Everyone who works there is *so* nice and *so* good at what they do.   They have a small menu of local/fresh food that looks amazing, but I have never actually eaten it. The espresso served here is actually better than the average shot served at Batdorf and Bronson locations in Olympia, WA. I talked about this with one of the barristas at TD'o and they were offended - "we calibrate our machines the same, we use the same beans, the exact same blends and milks and everything, it can't be different." Sorry, Tazza D'oro, you are better.   The lines get long on weekend mornings, but they move quickly. There's a sense of community nestled here, just off the "main drag" of Highland Park, between Bryant st. and the reservoir. This is where you can pick up your CSA shipment for the week, where multiple weekly bike rides originate, where there are lively discussion groups meeting nearly every day. The percentage of students is low. Like the rest of Pittsburgh, there's a good chance you'll run into someone you know, but generally I see people I like and miss, which is different than the norm in Pittsburgh for me.
Do you see how all of the other reviews give this place 5 stars - this place is way more than a 5 star coffee shop.  I am giving all 5 stars to this delightful coffee shop because it is the perfect community coffee shop.  I am slightly saddened that they took out the 2 overstuffed chairs, but they need more tables because people like to come here and people hanging out in their community is a good thing.  It is 11:30 on a Monday morning and the place is almost full - there are always people coming going, getting coffee.  It is a great place to sit and read the paper or to pick up some coffee on your way to some place else.  Enrico's also has become a hub for other community activities - there a a couple of weekly bike groups that meet here.  Other reasons to love this place (I know some of the other reviews highlighted these but I thought they were worth repeating).  - free wifi - outside tables - tasty treats - they have a blog! - really great coffee - the staff are coffee experts
Best independent coffeeshop I've ever had the pleasure to visit.  Best americano I've ever had.  Some of the best espresso I've ever had.  Great desserts, pastries, and cookies.  Good food.  The employees are awesome.  The owner apparently put the shop there because their neighborhood didn't previously have anything like it.  The shop is also all about bicycling as transportation, sponsoring regular group rides around town, and also group walks for those not bicycle-inclined.
I LOVE this place. THE best coffee in the 'Burgh. Good atmosphere, great service. The food is really good too.
One of my favorite coffee places in Pittsburgh. THey also have pretty good sandwiches and salads if you are looking for some light lunch food. Otherwise, they have plenty of pasteries/cookies to eat that are pretty good.
Some of the best coffee I've ever had.  Ever.  Stick with an Italian Cappuccino and bring a good friend for some good conversation.
Quick service, amazing coffee, nice vibe.
Let me just join the crowd in saying Tazza D'Oro is great.  Good staff, great coffee.
I love this place, its warm and cozy ambiance and the coffee and baked goods are wonderful!  The staff is so inviting too!
This is some of the best coffee I've ever had. I've been looking for a local coffee shop that made good coffee and didn't have irritating quirks in their service (I've run into a cash-only, lame hours shop and a we-don't-have-an-espresso-machine shop, which are useless to me.)  The pastry I had was good, though a bit overpriced at ~$3. The mocha I had was absolutely amazing, though their largest size is only 16 oz, which is an adjustment if you're expecting the larger sizes some other coffee shops produce.
The coffee here was excellent! Had a double espresso. Apparently their roaster is in Santa Cruz Ca. Large selection of French Press Coffees. Baked goods did not look too great but that is not why I came here. Atmosphere is very mellow and comfortable. Also has Wifi which works! Nice to find a place like this when traveling. Is in the middle of a residential area and there doesnt seem to be anything else around here.
They just opened a spot at Carnegie Mellon, on campus in the Gates building and it has changed my life. My closest coffee option before was Seattle's Best, so you can imagine how delighted I was when this opened next door to where I have class all day.  The first week they were open I think I went there about 4 times.  The Italian Cappuccino will wire you for a few hours, but is totally amazing.  Their basic coffee pales in comparison to their espressos though, so stick with espresso drinks. I have also had two delicious paninis, which I highly recommend.  Knowledgeable service. Great drinks! yum!
I love Tazza D'Oro! great coffee, excellent baked goods and the food is delicious.
This cafe's espresso drinks are on par with the best artisinal coffee houses anywhere.  I always go out of my way to get coffee from here when I'm in Pittsburgh.
I love tazza.. Their coffees are excellent and its a great place to enjoy a relaxing evening..I also like their Baklawa, sandwiches and Brownies..
Best coffee in Pittsburgh, without a doubt. Believe the hype. I've been going here for years, and every visit is a pleasure.
Yes! Awesome soy cap, scone, and atmosphere. Nice place to hang out & read, and free WiFi with no login procedure.
Thought it's somewhat pointless to write a review for this place. I mean, every spro geeks i know of in town knows this is the best place to get a cup doppio or any espresso drink. The only reason I still decided to write this review is stupid yelp doesn't let me add a store to my list unless I have written a review for it. dah!  This place is where all my fine coffee addiction started with. Never did I have a cup of starbucks coffee after my first visit to Tazza D'ro. Not sure if it is a good thing, since now I have to do a lot of research on where to get a good cup of coffee before going to a new city no matter for business or for pleasure.  I love their signature "bike love" for all the espresso drink w/ milk. It's fruity, mild, and fragrant. It's addictive! The only thing I have against it is that it has pretty strong caffeine in it, although it tastes super innocent. It's actually almost stronger then any spro blend I've tried.  I also appreciate a lot  the community atmosphere and the effort to bring in community improvement of TD.  Not a good place to study/work at on a weekend afternoon tho. It's too popular thus noisy.
One of the best cups of coffee in pgh.  Great atmosphere for working, studying or a meeting.  Very neighborly feeling.
I would never have found this place if it wasn't for yelp.  It is somewhat hidden among lots of houses and residential buildings.  I ordered a latte and blueberry scone, both were great!  I wanted to order food but I was told that they do not serve food (even breakfast) until 11 a.m.  I would go back if i am in the area.
Some of the best coffee in Pittsburgh (and many argue that it is in fact -the- best). Really warm, rich blends, especially the espresso. The tea menu is extensive and has a lot of variety, so it's a great place for non-coffee-drinkers, too. It has a relaxed atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating (is there anything cosier than curling up in one of the window seats with a book/notebook on a rainy day?). I've done it all here-- from writing and filing an article when the newsroom was too loud to meeting a blind date. It's a good place to linger and savor. Its proximity to the park is a big advantage.
Just realized that no one mentioned about their chai latte yet. They make their chai from scratch. The best chai I have ever had outside of my indian co-worker's kitchen. The only thing is, since they premade a whole pot, there's no way you can get a cup of skim chai...
local, friendly businesses serving a great product DO still exist.
Best coffee I had in Pittsburgh. Their Italian Cappuccino is pretty addictive.
The coffee here is amazing (I love when the baristas take the effort to make patterns in the foam). The baristas were extremely friendly and the pastries looked delicious. While there are a number of tables, Enrico's was busy even on a Friday night...I would imagine that it would be hard to find a table during peak hours.
one of the best espresso bars i've been to.  +1 for great espresso.  i had a shot of ethiopian espresso.  fantastic!  grabbed a costa rican pour-over on my way out ... perhaps one of the best cups of coffee i've ever had.  +1 for baristas who pay great attention to detail  +1 for great atmosphere.  the ceiling is tastefully ornate, and the decor is pleasing.  hearty wood furniture used throughout.  +0 for having a location a bit far from downtown.  a favorite for locals and not-so-locals alike.  highly recommended!  i will return...
The environment is just what you would hope for in a coffee shop: tastefully decorated with some local art in an old building with a cool ceiling and floor. A great place to enjoy a beverage, book, and music.  I had an Italian Cappuccino. It was well balanced and I enjoyed every sip. On my way out I had a Costa Rican pour over that took me by surprise. It was incredibly smooth with a complex flavor. It rolled off my tongue without the thin taste of a poorly roasted bean. As the drink cooled the flavor profile changed but continued to please.  I highly recommend this shop if you are looking for a place to spend a few hours and enjoy everything from speaking with competent baristas to the last sip of your drink. I will be returning.
I tell everyone about this Highland Park gem my friend introduced me to. People who come here appreciate expertly steamed milk and delicious breakfast/lunch options. In this quaint shop gone are the days of the mass-produced lattes and microwaved sandwiches. Every time I visit Pittsburgh, I make sure this place is in my schedule somewhere. Love it.
Pittsburgh's definitely got nothing on Seattle when it comes to a good brew but if you look hard enough you'll find a few diamonds in the rough. Tazza D'Oro is one of them. I wont say THE best simply because coffee is such an objective taste but you cannot deny the expertise and care Tazza D'Oro subscribes to. It brings them millions of miles above Starbucks and (gasp) Crazy Mocha.  I found out about Tazza D'Oro while browsing the blog of an award winning, internationally recognized barista. He conveniently mapped out his favorite coffee houses around the US via Google Maps. I clicked on PA and zoomed it, not even expecting to see a marker. Surprisingly there was -- only one -- and it was for Tazza D'Oro.  Their baristas know how to make the perfect espresso. Once you've done that all of your other drinks fall right into place. They also do french pressed coffee which is a rare treat usually enjoyed at home and, at least in my case, not done nearly as well as it should be. Their pastries and baked goods come straight from one of the 'burgh's best bakeries -- Enrico's in the Strip District; what more could you ask for?  I have a longer article on Tazza D'Oro as well as another great coffee shop, Espresso a Mano on my website. http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2011/02/11/coffee-pittsburgh-part-2/
I can remember the time when I used to strictly drink mocha frappuccinos from Starbuck's thinking that it was the be all end all to coffee in my younger teens. Don't we all miss those days of being so naive?   Admittedly, I never finish any coffee that I drink, not only because I'm apparently wasteful now that I think about it, but also because I'm a slow sipper and everything settles at the very end. Make no mistakes, I will finish any coffee drink from Tazza D'oro and at record speed. It is delicious to the very last drop and the best part is, they don't think that third degree burns go hand in hand with their coffee -- it's ready for drinking the moment you receive your order. Let's not forget about the food, which is also delicious. it's clear I have nothing bad to say about this establishment.  Some of the staff remembers your order to a tee and all of them are always very courteous. The prices are reasonable and the location is great, tucked away in Highland Park.
As if in answer to my prayer.  I'm not basing this review on the quality of the coffee. I had Rooibos tea and a (delicious) apple galette.   I'm basing this on the fact that I love this style of coffee shop (could be in Seattle or Portland). And the fact that since coming to P'burgh for a few days for the first time, it's the first aggregation of non-grumpy people I've been around. Well, to be fair, all the partying college students on the South Side last night were not grumpy. Maybe it's that the folks sitting around me here at Tozza Doro are just chilling, quietly dong whatever they are doing, and not being overly grumpy or self absorbed.   They don't apear to have more than coffee and pastries, but they do have free wireless.  There is not as much in this neighborhood as I thought there was going to be, but if you find yourself here, and you like non-corporate, home grown cafes, this is a great place to chill.
Outstanding lattes. Period.   The service can be *very* slow, but the latte is worth the wait. And, the staff does not seem to care to chat with customers, but they make darn good lattes so who cares.  Tucked in the beautiful Highland Park neighborhood among many historic houses and close to the handful Bryant street restaurants, Tazza D'oro is a fantastic place for coffee lovers like me. A nice short walk from Highland Park is a welcome plus. Get the latte, take a stroll down the street to explore the houses, and take a walk in the park. That is a beautiful and coffeeful sunny summer afternoon for you.   They also have food, but I cannot speak for that. The interior is somewhat run down at places, but that gives it character.
Finally, a great neighborhood coffee shop that just so happens to brew fantastic coffee. The espresso is incredible, which makes for an excellent cappuccino, and the food is pretty good, too. Croissants, muffins, and other baked goods top the breakfast list, while made-to-order paninis and delicious homemade soups round out the lunch menu.  The crowd at Enrico's is varied, which I really enjoy. My 65-year-old neighbor and his crew of retired friends pull up a chair every day at 3:00 pm next to business folks, college students, techies, and other folks who are looking for a good brew.  No frills, no extras; just nice people in a quaint coffee shop, brewing up warm goodness.
Hands down the best cappuccino you'll get in Pittsburgh. I have yet to be disappointed. Consistency in quality in a coffee joint is what I'm looking for! (Oh and alright those delectable treats they always have don't hurt either... Apple dumpling?!?!)
Great atmosphere, often crowded, not too expensive, tasty beverages.   Both my husband and I had mochas- delicious!
Wonderful! Lovely! Quaint! One of the most refreshing cafe's in pittsburgh! My visit was a 'surprise' from my boyfriend who knows how much I appreciate fine espresso. I was instantly enamored with the set-up inside and the pleasant nature of the individuals who greeted us behind the counter. The baked goods were absolutely fabulous and we literally would have bought one of everything if we hadn't come to our senses. I ordered a grande cafe mocha and it came with a wonderful rim of whipped cream (I believe the whipped cream was homemade as well.... simply to die for) and a subtle addition of foam art which just shows how considerate the baristas are of their craft. My boyfriend ordered the italian cappuccino and said it tasted just like the drinks he would get in Italy over his 2 week visit with family this past summer. Now if that isn't representative of a solid job in bringing a European Cafe to the States, then I don't know what is!
Best coffee, ultimate staff, neighborhood gem
I really was missing Voluto before its new ownership / management took over, on Penn Ave.  I Needed a new place to try with friends who live in Highland Park for an excellent cup of fancy Joe. I'm a steamed milk kind of gal.  Starbucks bless them when I am in a rush but i have to order a tripple just to get a hint of my fix, but the coffee here is the right strength to cover my caffeine withdrawals. Lovely atmosphere small but not tiny, outdoor seating if you want it. Their espresso shots are not served in steamed cups.  Take note if you're a hardcore ezzzspresso shooter and you like it piping hot. I am sure if you asked they could probably warm the cup. The baristas are so friendly and laid back and funny. Also the staff members let me use the bathroom after closing one time perfect gentlemen :)   A decent selection of yummy pastries to compliment your coffee awaits from apple turnovers to decadent brownies.  I also like the crowd that comes here, there are younger people, older peopler and everyone inbetween (the 30 somethings and 40 somethings) my age group. It has a neighborhood feel but I can tell people come from surrounding areas, Tazza is a great example of merging the old and new in Pittsburgh while maintaining the character of its home borough.
BEST COFFEE IN PITTSBURGH!  You might think there is better coffee elsewhere.  You're wrong!  I love this coffee shop, and there is a second location the Gates Building at CMU that I like to go to--their panini are to die for.  I love this place, and you will too!
Really hard to find a good cup of coffee in the states... I'd say this is the best  cappuccino I've had since Italy.
I just moved into a new place in highland park and realize this place was right next door. I'm a huge fan of coffee and have never been quite satisfied with the taste ever since my trip to Italy(where there coffee is to die for). This place makes me happy with coffee again. I've also had lunch here and bagels for breakfast both very delicious. This is my new place!
I love Counter Culture coffee :-) The baristas are very friendly and very accommodating.
Absolutely fantastic. One of my favorite places to hideaway and get some work done or just read a book.
I adore this place! The light green walls are serene, the chairs and tables are comfortable, and I love their little brownies with three kinds of chocolate chips in them! The coffee is perfectly smooth and rich, which is the most important thing to get right. (I'm not into masking the taste of burnt espresso with a mocha!) If a place can provide me with a cup of coffee that doesn't taste like it will give me an ulcer, I'll be a fan for life. The only other Pittsburgh place where I've found coffee this delicious was at Commonplace Coffee in Squirrel Hill. I went to college near Chicago and come from California. I count Intelligentsia and Blue Bottle Coffee as some of my favorite places, so I mean it when I say the coffee here is wonderful. Try it out, you won't be let down.
I walked in to this business and immediately knew I could risk a latte without flavoring to cover up poor quality or technique, and I was absolutely correct. The espresso was a perfect balance of flavor with a smooth finish, the foam was stretched perfectly and expertly poured to form a heart in my mug. My accomplice's Americano was equally well made, not a note of sourness but plenty of body and flavor. I regret that I didn't notice the "Manual" bar menu before I ordered, I've been dying to try a pour-over coffee, and I know it would have been delicious.   Pro-Tip: There is no sign for the unisex restroom, which is to the left of the service area, past the bulletin corkboard.
Had a cup of Cappuccino. Tasted good, but not that impressive. Well, it's just a regular cappuccino. Five stars to the street view at a sunny winter afternoon.
Saw this place listed on a blog--and had to come here. We had tea and cappuccino. It was delicious- but my favorite thing is the neighborhood and the outdoor seating. Great for a coffee date
Wonderful place for both great coffee and a cool Atmosphere for working with chill, usually good music and interesting crowd.  If I wrote anything more it would be over kill.  That's all you need to know.  Oh, except it's a good looking crowd and tell them to stay open later at least one night a week!
Cute little shop! I take my daughter here after school sometimes for a green tea and a snack. Everything is delicious, we've never been dissatisfied. The staff is very friendly as well! My favorite coffee/tea place in Pittsburgh.
first time in the shop! i created a yelp account just for this experience. if i could some up my experience at this cool little shop, it would be one word: WOW! great coffee (and they even do MANUAL POUR!) the shop was humming with clicking fingers and beautiful indie tunes that captured the fuzzy feelings of autumn. local milk, great and ethically sourced coffee, cool art on the walls, they have it al. however, the most important and memorable part of my visit to this godsend was the barista, chris. talking with him made me feel special to be drinking coffee, and he was able to explain many factors of coffee my silly brain previously didn't comprehend (not to mention he's cute, amirite?????) that guy really knows his stuff, and i wouldn't be surprised if he were the manager of this local spot. the other barista was really friendly too, and had cool tattoos (which is something i appreciate about a workplace!) anyways, thanks for the great coffee, information and vibes!
Now that's a nice latte. One of the better lattes I've had. I'd highly recommend it. I only got it to go, so I can't comment on much else. But I'd recommend it. Parking is a pain.
I've lived in highland park, right around the corner for 10 months and never went until today. DELICIOUS!! best mocha I've ever had. (Coming from someone who's never gone to Italy seeing as how so many posters here have said that lol). The food is good to. Has a croissant, fruit tart and apple pastry thing. So delicious!!
Love it here! My boyfriend and I always walk our dog and stop for a latte while passing by. Never a disappointment! And absolutely loved that they offered Kistaco local apple cider! The Mocha Latte is my favorite and the croissant sandwiches are awesome too! By far the best around!
Amazing community coffee shop that provides wonderful coffee, tea, and food. The setting is relaxed and welcoming. The staff are attentive and friendly.  Coffee shops come and go, but this one has survived over the years because it's an amazing part of the Highland Park Community.  The prices are reasonable and the quality is excellent.  I highly recommend this shop.
Came here for the first time and fell in love! Im always out looking for nice coffee houses to get work done or socialize with a friend and I think I found my favorite spot! They have a limited but delicious lunch menu and many many coffee options. I had a kale salad that was reasonably priced and VERY filling and delicious. The house coffee was probably the best I've had in Pittsburgh, although I didn't get to try the specialty drinks so I can't speak on those. Such a cute spot with outdoor seating and cute window seats indoors to gaze outside. Very informative and friendly workers as well. SO happy I found this place. I would have no problem going out of my way to come here versus another coffee shop. Definitely worth it!
Love it here! My boyfriend and I always walk our dog and stop for a latte while passing by. Never a disappointment! And absolutely loved that they offered Kistaco local apple cider! Absolutely love the Mocha Latte. The croissant breakfast sandwiches are great too! By far the best around!
Tazza D'oro is a wonderful Highland Park treasure.  The staff is phenomenal and the drinks are superb, some of the best in Pittsburgh.  Having lived dangerously close to Tazza, the staff got to know our regular drinks which was always nice.  It does sometimes get rather busy/loud on weekend mornings, so if you're looking for a quiet place to study or work make sure you're prepared.
in the top 3 coffee spots in pittsburgh.  highland park is magic.
This isn't my favorite coffee spot just because it's so close to my house... It's my favorite coffee shop because of the coffee!!... And the very nice baristas... And the delicious brekkie sammies... And the chocolate chip cookies... And the outdoor seating... And the nice people who work there. Oops. I said that already.
I love this place. I been going here for years. I loved the BBQ sauce when it was used at the old Hot Licks in Shadyside and later The Motor Square Gardens. I was happy when I found out Buffalo Blues used the same recipes. The service is okay, parking is an issue, but it is worth it to me. Try the burger with BBQ sauce. YUM YUM
Went to wing night last night (06/10) and had the most kickass service at the bar. The wings were awesome, beer was good, and the staff was really helpful in finding seats for our inconveniently large 7-top. Good vibes, good prices, and seriously, awesome bartender.
I have a cat, so this review is cat-centric.  Great independently owned pet store.  They only carry more premium foods, so if you feed your cat Fancy Feast or Cat Chow, don't come here for that sort of thing.  Also only carry the more eco-friendly cat litters - no Tidy Cats here!  Friendly staff, and the prices are not much more than you would be paying at Petco or similar places.  Of course, you don't get the huge selection either, but this is my go to place for buying food, litter, and random toys.  It makes me feel good to be supporting a local establishment.  Try it - you might find that you like it too.
Not really an update so much as a plea to the Yelp community. If you are needing pet supplies and live in the Point Breeze/Shadyside/Squirrel Hill/East Liberty area, please PLEASE consider stopping by and supporting this store. With the new PetSmart (or is it Petco?) open down the street where Borders used to be, this independently owned store is under a lot of pressure to survive. Given that the prices are not that different, please give this place a shot. I'm not super anti-chain stores, but I AM pro-independent stores (does it have to be a zero-sum game?).
I love Smiley's. It's that kind of amazing local establishment where Ginny (the owner) knows everyone's name, their pets name and the products you like to buy. You know the one....the only place around that carries that food/treat/toy your pampered pet likes, so you will travel near and far to find? For us, that pet is our cat, Nicholas, and that hard to find treat is the dehydrated chicken treats he loves. What I love is that but everything they have is a quality product. None of that good, better, best stuff like the box stores; they will only sell the best, healthiest products for your pet. Super friendly staff and fantastic products... I mean, what else can you ask for??
This is the only store that carries a wide variety of smaller, healthier, and holistic dog food brands, including a variety of venison foods for allergy-prone terriers. They also offer a variety of anti-stress remedies for pets. I don't want to spend three hours shopping aisle after aisle for dog food. That's why I come to smiley's. Plus, they DON'T CHARGE AS MUCH FOR WELLNESS AND FROMM!!! The shop is simple, go in, find what you need or order it if they don't have it... No excuses or searching or surcharges. Best of all, unlike PetSmart and Petco, they don't work with corporate farms that kill thousands of small animals every year.
My wife and I have both been seeing Dr. Segal for over five years.  He's great, one of the best chiropractors I've seen over the years and I strongly recommend him to everybody we know.  I've had regular chiropractic care since my late teens, not just for injuries, but also maintenance.  Dr. Segal has been excellent about tailoring treatment and frequency to what is going on.  No sales pitch for extras, just a good assessment and focused manipulation.  From someone who puts a lot of stress on my neck and back through work and play, this is a great place to go.
I'm a medical professional who would have never gone to a chiropractor...until 2010. A Univ of Penn medical school graduate told me about Dr. Segal.  His down to earth personality and explanations excellent. Jackie his admin everything is wonderful. After 2 months of intense treatment I've had no issues, complete mobility and back to normal. He's not selling nutriceuticals, xrays, devices, etc. He's there for his patients, period. Great great guy.
Dr. Seagle is wonderful. My whole family goes to him. The amazing feeling of instant Relief that I get every time I hear that pop, is amazing. I have been to chiropractors all over the world. None of them to the success  of Dr. Seagle. I used to have chronic migraines daily. Would go a few times a week. After continual visits for years. I am happy to report I rarely get migraines and only need to visit every couple of month. This man knows what he is doing!
I had never gone to a chiropractor until I saw Dr. Segal. He explained everything from start to finish - a bedside manner that enables anyone to feel at ease. I am referring all of my coworkers and friends to this man.  Essentially, as good as it gets. I don't plan on going anywhere else.
My husband has been going to Dr. Segal for many years. In 2011, I finally broke down and went for chronic low back pain. Dr. Segal immediately diagnosed it as a hip problem and told me to see a suitable MD. Long story short: I had my hip replaced in 2013. Recently I started going to Dr. Segal again ... still having back problems (some kind of joint in my spine this time). The problem is much better after alignment. So ... we've had very good experiences with Shady Hill Chiropractic.
I have gone to Dr Eric Segal since I was in my late 20's. That was a long time ago!  Doc has solved my sciatic nerve problem that brought me here years ago.  He has helped me on several occasions with injuries. Now it is just routine maintenance. He truly is a kind and compassionate man who knows his stuff. I have recommended him to several people and everyone loved him and use him as part of their health care. Jackie runs the office like a well oiled machine!
Going to a new mechanic to get your car repaired shouldn't rank up there with public speaking and first dates, but it usually does.  Well not if you go visit Tim at Walter's.  They guys at Walter's are friendly, trustworthy, and treat you with respect.  They are a small shop so call ahead if you need major service, but where else are you going find a mechanic who actually suggests way to save money on the repair
The most important quality a mechanic can have is honesty. Meet Tim Walter. When I take my car to Walter's I know the service will be good, fast and won't take a chunk out of my last paycheck. Calling ahead is usually a good idea so they can fit you in...
Walter's is just a fantastic establishment.  Tim is a phenomenal mechanic, who is as honest as they come, charges amazingly low prices, and - Morten H. is not lying - will actually suggest ways to save you money.  The shop is small and usually pretty busy, but they will do their best to fit you in and get your car fixed up ASAP, and Tim always takes time to explain your car's problems to you.  He will even show you what's wrong inside the car, or tell you how to do something yourself if that's what would be more sensible.  I recommend Walter's to anyone who's in the market for a mechanic.
I cannot say enough good things about Walter's.  Tim, the head mechanic (Tim Walter, hence the name of the shop), is amazingly helpful and accommodating.  He repairs my car quickly every time I go in, and I never have to bring it back for further repairs.  He also fits me in right away (though it is a good idea to call ahead - they do get super busy because of their sheer awesomeness and small size).  And when I pick my car up, he'll explain what was wrong and how he fixed it in a completely unpatronizing way, then usually undercharge me.  I know, sounds too good to be true, but isn't.  I'll be moving for grad school soon, and I can honestly say I will miss Walter's.  I don't think I'll ever find a better shop/mechanic.   A quick word of warning: Tim's adorable, but completely ADD.  He'll fix your car well, and quickly, but he does get easily distracted sometimes.  Bear with it, he's totally worth it.
My car wouldn't start so I started yelping the closest option to my apartment. I found Walter's and with such great reviews below I gave him a call. He drove over to my apartment and looked at my car hoping that it'd be something simple before we got it towed. After witnessing him take time out of his busy day to do this, I knew he was a good guy.  Unfortunately, it did need towed and he was afraid it'd take a week to fix due to his booked schedule. He called the next day to tell me that he looked at it, realized it was a simpler fix than he originally thought and had it done later that day.  I had a great experience and am sure everyone else will. Thanks Tim
I just want to echo what everyone else has already said about this mechanic.  My brakes gave out and I came upon the glowing reviews for Walter's, so I gave them a call.  Not only did Tim fix my car quickly and inexpensively, he actually came to pick it up himself so that I wouldn't have to spend money on a tow truck!  He's also an extremely friendly, funny guy who puts you at ease immediately.  I'll be going back there without hesitation the next time I need anything done on my car.
Went to Walters after I had a ripoff repair store tell me my Volvo needed new roters.  Thank goodness I know what they are and that they had been replaced just 16 months ago.  Tim at Walters confirmed my belief and passed my inspections.  He was fast, funny, and smart.  I then sent my husband in with his ailing BMW and Tim did a fantastic service on it as well.   This is a real honest and thoghtful mechanic.
A friend recommended them to me. Super helpful and high quality work at a fairly cheap price.  When my car wasn't going to pass inspection, they picked me up at home and didn't charge me.  When my housemate needed a new starter, they apologized that they couldn't finish the work the same day we brought it in (without an appointment) because they needed to order the part. It was done by lunch the next day.   I recommend Walters to anyone with a car in Pittsburgh!
I love Tim.  I bought a shitty used car and it kept DYING when I would drive uphill, and I was new in town so I asked for some shop recommendations from people online and a bunch of people pointed me to Walters. He helped me isolate the problem to my EGR valve, and while it wasn't a cheap fix, I can't imagine I could've gotten the work done any cheaper. I've also had several other problems, and he's always trying to save me money and do things as inexpensively as possible.  I wouldn't say my shitmobile runs like a dream or anything, but it's definitely in much better shape than when I started.  And I usually don't have to wait too long for repairs. Typically I can drop it off in the morning (after making an appointment a few days in advance) and pick it up later that day. Though, they do seem pretty busy so I try not to expect them to get it done too quickly.  And I have to say, I really don't care if my mechanic is a friendly, personable guy because I'm just paying him to fix my car and as long as he does that right I'm happy. But Tim is one of the nicest guys I've ever met, and I really enjoy talking to him.
Growing up, my dad always fixed my car.  Now that he lives two states away, I don't have that luxury anymore.  Luckily, Tim at Walter's Automotive is a great substitute.  Honest, friendly, and helpful--I'd recommend him to anyone in Pittsburgh.
Excellent and trustworthy mechanic.
Walter's was SO helpful  when our daughter's car was misdiagnosed by another garage. He talked us through the options over the phone (we're 300 miles away) and helped us find a solution. Two thumbs up!
Wonderful experience. I had a flat tire, and he checked it inside and out, tested it overnight, and put it back on my car. When I went to pay, he said it was nothing. He even gave me helpful advice on some other aspects of my car I was neglecting. During a bad week, this was a much-needed act of generosity.  Highly recommend.
What can I say about Tim that hasn't already been said? Although I didn't end up getting my car serviced at Walter's Automotive, Tim gave me a lot of helpful advice and was very personable. You can tell he genuinely cares about his customers and their concerns.  I'll definitely be going to him if there's anything that I need to get fixed in the near future.
Tim is fantastic with German cars, including my 2003 3-series BMW, which was out the door for 400 - broken axle, oil change, tire rotation and one other thing. Labor prices are reasonable, it's just hard as hell to get an appointment. If he weren't so damn nice (like doing all sorts of free things for people) he could probably have himself a bigger, better garage and more people working for him.
Great experience. Honest and friendly!!
If I could give Walter's automotive more than 5 stars, I would.  I called Tim around 8am because my brakes were making an awful sound (I know nothing about cars).  He said it usually takes a few weeks to get an appointment, but if I wanted to drive it over he would take it for a ride with me to diagnose the problem.  I drove it over, he took one look at my car and found the problem.  He didn't have room for me right then, but I dropped it off 2 days later in the morning and I had it back before the end of the day.    Before I left, he noticed all the expired parking passes covering my back window and offered to take them off for me.  Great customer service; I will definitely be back with any future car issues.
I went here a couple weeks ago to get new tires on my car. I couldn't agree more with the other reviewers. Walter's was originally supposed to call me with an estimated cost, and when I hadn't heard, I called and spoke with Walter directly. 15 minutes later, he had an estimate for me. When I couldn't decide on the tire I wanted, he had three different types waiting for me when I came in for my appointment & went through the pros and cons of each! Just great service!  I also found the price reasonable & the service was quick.
Scenario: Get into my car at 3:30 and head to campus for a meeting. All of a sudden, the tire warning signal lights up even though I don't remember running over anything. I get out of the car to carefully inspect my tires and they feel/look completely OK. But after owning a BMW for 3 years and having constant wheel alignment/tire issues (ie. when a tire warning signal lights up, it usually means my tire's about to blow out!!), I freaked out and frantically drove my Infiniti to the first 3 auto shops on Baum Blvd. I waited at the first stop for 5-10 minutes and the guy did not get off the phone. I got back into the car and drove it over to Pep Boy's where a mechanic was outside smoking. He says I need to go through their service desk (inside their huge store) and deal with them first. I'm thinking, "ugh. no time. I have class in 40 minutes and I'm already late to my meeting." I drive past the 3rd shop and I don't even see anyone sitting at the reception desk and figure it's going to take forever to get what I'm asking for.  Then, I remembered the really positive experience I had with Walter's. I decided to drive to the end of Baum Blvd. to find his place and boy, am I glad I did. As soon as I got there, the service coordinator told me to pull my car around front so that their mechanic could take a look at my tires. He stopped what he was doing to do this and told me I could just stay in my car. Then, he reassured me that my tires were OK and he proceeded to inflate them, explaining to me why the signals might have come on.  Free of charge, in and out within 5 minutes, and helpful/reassuring. I love this about Walter's Automative. They're not out just to make money. They genuinely just want to help. Highly reccommend!!
As numerous people have pointed out, Walter's is indeed a great repair shop.  Tim (Walter is his last name) and the rest of his staff are friendly, honest, professional, and reliable.  I highly recommend this shop for repairs, maintenance, and check ups.    However, they are victims of their own awesomeness.  The waits here can be long--2 weeks or more--due to how busy they are and they only have one bay.  If you do have a pressing safety concern though, Tim is always willing to take your car for a spin or do a quick diagnosis to let you know if something needs to be taken care of.
Great place. I take my car there for everything. Inexpensive, friendly, and knowledgeable. They've fixed my tire, taped a broken hose temporarily, and done other things for no charge several times. I'd definitely recommend them.
Best car repair spot in town.  Tim is honest, hard-working, and knows his sh*t.  I've been in burgh for 3 years now.  I was driving a 2000 Nissan Maxima and it had 170K miles on it.  Now, I loved that car and whenever something went wrong I brought it in to Walter's.  Last time I brought it in I asked him if I should put more money into the car- the alternator was out and a new battery was needed.  The car would not start.  He told me it is a good time to get a new car because he wan't sure how much more this car could take.  He even gave me a couple of numbers of guys who buy cars "as is."  I called these guys and sold this beater maxima for $1000 as is!    Now, I drive a 2011 Malibu and I'm a happy girl.  Thank you Tim- I appreciate you looking out!  Other car repair shops would have fixed my car charged me out the azz only for my car to break down again.  Tim really does have your best interest.
Really nice people. They squeezed me in, in a pinch and gave me a second opinion on a problem with my car. Pep boys tried to charge me over twice the amount for the job, so I'm glad I went! Super friendly and accommodating service.
I have a general rule of thumb when picking out an auto repair shop:  The "office" must be very messy and grease and dirt must be everywhere.    In my opinion, if an auto shop has the time and money to keep a squeaky clean appearance, they're wasting some of your money you pay for service.  Walter's Automotive fits the bill with their "office" being a small cluttered desk in the service bay.  Their "lobby" is the doorway that you stand in just outside the "office."  I couldn't be happier with my first impressions--to me, minimal overhead means maximum service and value.  Sure enough everyone at Walter's is very nice and helpful.  Apparently, everyone else in Pittsburgh knows this since I have to schedule an appointment 10 days in advance just to get my car inspected.  So please, even though Walter's is awesome, don't come here--I want this place to myself.
I thought I need an alignment and turns out all I needed was a tire balance. I stopped by he had me go with him and we drove around the block. I didn't cost me a thing because the tire balance was under warranty. Really  nice guy.
Mr. Walter is an honest, friendly guy. He helped me out a lot with my VERY old car. Always took the time to explain what was going on. The services he did to the car were not always as quick as some would hope, but I never felt cheated or ignored or talked down to, he always did a great job.  When that old (VERY old) car finally, truly died (became unfixable) and needed to be scrapped, he even volunteered a partial refund to me because he said he wished that his most recent work on it could have been enjoyed by me for longer, so that I could have gotten my money's worth. He truly is a super guy to work on your car.
Excellent service.   Very honest.   Highly recommended.    My girlfriend had an issue with her car and took it to Walter's Automotive.  Tim Walter and his crew worked late into the evening to diagnose the problem.  Turns out the car was unsafe to drive (Thankfully we bypassed Pepboys and went to Walters.)   Respectful towards my girlfriend, fixed the car quickly, and price was very reasonable.
I had to get a new mechanic since I recently moved here. That worried me, a lot, as I own a VW. Thankfully I found all these reviews on Yelp about Walters and decided to give it a shot.   Rules about Walters: Plan at least two weeks ahead for an appointment. It is worth it.   From there you don't have to worry about anything. On my particular car I always have to fix the suspension, and I ended up needing the same repair from last year. Last year I spent $1,300 from my very reasonable and trustworthy mechanic I had been using for years at home. This year Walters quoted me just under $700. I was pretty blown away by that considering the other place I go to is just as down to earth as Walter's.  Walters took the time to put my tennis racquets in my trunk and remove my aftermarket stereo so they wouldn't be seen. He explained everything to me thoroughly and was really friendly when I came to pick up my car.   I know a lot about cars and mechanics since I've worked at a dealership and the honesty of Walters still amazes me. I will take my car here every time I need to get something done, even if I get a newer car with a warranty from a dealership.
There are at least 2 auto repair shops where I could drop my car and walk home or to school in less than 10 minutes.  I have to drive to Walter's, take the bus back home and catch it back  to get my car.  It's about a 15 minute ride each way.  I would walk there on my hands.  They are that awesome.  Tim is not only great at what he does, he is cool as hell!  He was patient with me and my (over 230,000 miles) car that took a freaking month to pass the emissions inspection. Turns out the mass flow sensor wires were dirty- anywhere else and I would have already replaced 2 O2 sensors and I would still be going through emissions crap.  I am really happy to have found someone to take care of my car :-D  Thanks Tim!!!
I like Tim Walter so much, I almost wish my car would break down so I would have an excuse to see him.   He is super honest, explains everything, gets the cheapest appropriate parts he can, and isn't the least bit condescending. Picture the kindest surgeon you can; Tim Walter is the same, just for cars instead.   Also, the man has a great memory. He *still* makes fun of me for that Coke can I had strapped to my muffler 7 years ago.
For the last 5 years that I have been living in Pittsburgh I have been coming to Walter's...its always been a bit of trick planning to take my car in for maintenance as they are very busy because they are indeed great mechanics and generally awesome and friendly people. You absolutely do need to call a few weeks ahead and be patient. Quality service takes some time.   Now that I am moving to the opposite side of the country, I took my car in one last time to get everything checked out, fixed, swapped out etc. My car was in the shop for 3 days and I waited patiently knowing that I can trust Tim and Arlene in the same way I can trust my parents to get something important done. They aren't there to screw you over. I know this because I had, on my first occasion taking my car there, gotten a second opinion on somethings and everything aligned between the two sources so they earned my trust!   They took care of me and my car really well. Arlene kept me up to date on what was going on and Tim took the time to explain what the parts were, what they did and how much things were going to cost. He even sat with me after closing hours researching the oxygen sensor and tires I needed online and quoting me the best price. He listed out everything I needed to have done and told me which was most important for a cross country drive and what could wait. That is service and care!!   If you need a great mechanic, like you need a good doctor, be patient, be inquisitive and do a little bit of planning. Your car will get serviced, your wallet will be in good shape and you might learn a bit about the car you drive. I only hope to find as good of a business in Seattle as I did here in Pittsburgh.   Thanks for everything!
Hands down a great experience! I called yesterday as the driver headlight on my car was out and asked if I needed to make an appointment. The woman on the phone said to just stop right by during their hours. I went by this morning and their (small) lot was full so I just sat in my car while I believe who was Tim was finished chatting with another guy. I continued to sat in my car for a couple of minutes while Tim quickly inspected my headlight. Unfortunately he did not have any replacement bulbs but ordered them right on the spot while I was there and told me to come back any time in the afternoon. Fast forward a few hours later. I  just popped by and after popping my hood and going into their office to pay, my headlight was replaced! Friendly, honest, fair and quick service. No BS. Highly recommend Walter's Automotive.
I found this mechanic based on the excellent Yelp reviews and I was not disappointed.  I came to Walter's because my radiator was leaking coolant and Walter tried to save me money by doing a patch job on the leak which he was only going to charge me $20.  Unfortunately it didn't work and I still had to go through with the replacement, but I appreciated the time he took to give a cheaper alternative a try.  And Tim Walter is a friendly guy who will take the time to discuss the problem with you and give you a fair deal.  This place gets busy so you will likely have to call a week in advance and leave your car at least overnight, but it's close to bus stops.  There is no waiting area and I don't think they do any quick jobs that you can stay and wait for.
I was having an issue with the emissions light in my car. I spoke with Arlene, who gave me a rundown of what I could expect while my car was in the shop. She then told me that even though they were very busy, I could stop by before my appointment so that Tim could check things out and make sure my car was safe to drive. Tim poked around, figured out it was the gas cap, and sent me on my way without charging. A good mechanic is worth their weight in gold and I will not only return to this garage but refer others as well.
A trust worthy mechanic is very rare these days...  I split time between Seattle (work) and The Burgh (Family) so when my car began to lose power on acceleration I searched for a local repair shop on yelp... Based on the numerous positive reviews I made an appointment at Walters on Baum Blvd.  My appointment was made for two weeks in advance but Tim had me bring my car in and we took it for a test drive. Tim determined that it was the Cat converter and recommended that I not drive the vehicle very much as to not cause further damage. Tim said that he and one of his mechanics were going to work extra hours that weekend to get caught up and that he would try to get to my vehicle. So I dropped my car off on Wed night, on Thursday Tim called with an estimate that was 150.00 to 200.00 less than what others had quoted.   I expected my car to be worked on over the weekend however at the end of Thursday Tim called and told me that my car was ready and running great! Wow! I was surprised and grateful.   When I picked up my car on Friday the cost for repairs was 15.00 less than my original quote due to a gasket that was included with the part and not ordered separate. I figure that many shops would have just kept the refund from the extra part and would have charged me for the quoted price but not Tim at Walter's.  I can't say enough about the excellent service I received from Walter's...
I cannot sing Tim Walter's praises loud enough.  I have taken my car to him for about 5 years, and I always leave with a new experience attesting to his awesomeness. If you think you might have something wrong with your car that you're not sure what it is, you can just stop by, and he'll usually take a break from what he's working on to get in your car with you and drive for a little bit and then give you his opinion. Then, when he diagnoses your car, he'll explain it to you like you're not an idiot, and he'll make sure you understand what's going on. He's incredibly honest and cares about his customers. For instance, once I had a tire that needed to be replaced but he didn't have it in stock. He told me how much it would cost to have the tire ordered and how long it would take to come in, then he called another shop to see if they had it and asked how much they were charging for it, and he sent me there because it would be cheaper and faster for me than having him order it. The price difference was like ten bucks, so I had him do it because it wasn't an emergency and I'd rather give him my business. He's awesome.
I heard about Walter's by the great reviews here on yelp. They did not steer me wrong. I went to the shop and asked for an appointment for leaking oil, but the secretary said they didn't have one for a couple weeks. Walter was doing work and asked me a couple questions, then asked if I could bring it in the next morning. The next morning! I did, and Walter and his employee lifted and took a look under my truck. Literally in seconds they found that it was simply a botched oil change, tightened the cap, and brought my truck down. He even topped off my oil, I believe. All this, and he said "no charge on that" as I went to pull out my wallet. I was in shock.   As a side note, Walter and his staff are also very approachable. While his employee worked on my truck Walter, a fellow mechanic (?), and I talked about various things.  I will recommend Walter's to my brother who lives here in Pittsburgh, and will go to Walter's with any car trouble I have while I am here for school. I recommend Walter's in the highest degree.
I had to give Walter's 5 stars, if there was a way to say it was exceptional, I would do that.  I found Walter's through yelp and was not sure how a auto repair shop had all 5-star reviews. This is totally unheard of. And now having gone there for a repair and inspection, I can just say, BEST MECHANIC IN TOWN. Other people have sung praises for Walter's already, so I won't get into that. My recommendation: If you are looking for an amazing, trustworthy, competent and humble mechanic, dial Walter's number. You will not be disappointed.
This place has not only done my regular maintenance perfectly, but Tim has also dropped everything to help me in a pinch. Little things like changing my headlight for free when Pep Boys and Monro wanted me to wait 2 hours and charge me $20+ and helping me fill my coolant when I was in a panic. This place is just absolutely outstanding, I can't sing it enough praises.
I definitely had my doubts with what seemed like overall disorganization of this place. They are the definition of having a "method to the madness". Really, they just don't follow the corporate America scheduling system that generally fails anyway. I was referred to them by a classmate of mine that has lived here 4 years. With the sounds my car was making, I anticipated $1000's of damage. They couldn't figure it out the first time I was there but looked it over and made sure that the noise wasn't posing any danger given a lengthy trip up to Wisconsin being made. He didn't charge me a thing after checking it out top to bottom. After that trip (and having it checked out in Wisconsin also to no avail), the sounds got worse. I took it back in, they made a quick fix solving one issue. I asked how much the damage was for today and he replied that it  'took him two minutes' to fix one noise but had to order another part for it to fix everything else. Didn't charge me a thing. So now, after now three visits to them, I am completely sold. Tim is great. Arlene is great. The mechanics know what they're doing. Tim has each time, driven around in my car with me to make sure that I am satisfied with what's done. Never once has this been done at any other mechanic I've been to - I've just assumed that it's all better. My final bill was considerably less than others when compared online and in phone call inquiries. I will always go back to them as long as I live in Pittsburgh. And I recommend you do the same. I mean really, how many businesses have a straight, 5-star rating across the board?
Great guy, incredibly quick service with care and attention. Reasonable prices. Will absolutely use him for all auto needs
I have an older car and so sometimes things go wonky. One night I had to drop it off because it was barely running and I had no idea why. This was the first time I went to Walter's, turns out that it was only an oil changing problem. Car places usually screw me over because I know nothing about cars, but Walters did not. They are really great and fix the car for your needs. Yesterday I returned for inspection and once again he treated me fairly and only mentioned things that I already knew needed work. I would recommend this place to anyone with an older car and wants an honest car repair man. Walter's will definitely be getting my business in the future!
Went to Walt's Auto for an inspection after seeing all of these great reviews on Yelp, and was so happy I did. I will be taking my car and my husband's truck here from now on. The service here cannot be beat!
Recently had some problems with my battery and took to yelp to find a nearby/reputable mechanic.  After reading all the great reviews on Walter's Automative, I made an appointment as recommended and brought my car in.  Long story short, minus all the technical details, Walter was very helpful and informative in helping me resolve the problem.  He was very open to listening to me describe the problem and was patient and quick to look into the issue and provide his expert advice.   Customer service was great as well!  It was really easy to call and schedule an appointment, and when I arrived the minimal office space looked pretty organized, given that it's inside an auto shop.  All the keys looked organized and labeled.  The appointment book looked clear and kept up.  I can really appreciate when a business is well run.  I would definitely recommend giving this business a try!
Honest. Reliable. Trust Worthy.  Tim goes above and beyond with his service. He came to my house 3x one day to check everything he could before I ended up towing it to the garage. I will definitely go back!
Extremely honest, great work and amazing prices. I had them repair a wheel issue on my car. For no charge the mechanic also hid some wires I never got around to moving for the DYI back-up camera I installed.
very nice people who were accommodating and appear to look for ways to do the job right at the lowest cost possible. a breath of fresh air for an out-of-towner with a problem. Thanks
I was cautiously optimistic about Walter's after seeing the great reviews. I wasn't disappointed at all! The staff at Walter's was very friendly and helpful in scheduling me an appointment and worked with me throughout the entire car repair process.  The best thing about the entire experience was the price and the flexibility at Walter's. The staff allowed me to pick my car up after hours (I have a work schedule that did not allow for me to get my car during business hours). They also gave a very reasonable price for the work that was done.   The building may look small, but this is the best car repair place I've been to. Very impressed with the service and the staff.
After reading all of the great reviews I thought I would try them for my car's annual inspection. All I can say is I wish I had found out about them decades ago.  I arrived on time, and he was ready for me -- no waiting. I told him I only have one car, and would have to wait in the area, so he said he would get to work on it ASAP. Sure enough, about 1.5 hours later it was done.  Even better, he told me nothing was wrong with it, so it would only cost me the price of the inspection. My car is only 6 years old, yet every other year wherever I took it there was a whole list of things which needed to be done, which ended up costing anywhere from $400-$600. Now I see how ripped off I was.   It's a priceless experience to leave an automotive shop and feel like you weren't cheated.  In the future, whenever anything needs to be done to my car, the one and only call I will make will be to Walter's Automotive.
I can only agree with previous reviews in that the service is 1) Good 2) Affordable (the don't overcharge you) 3) Flexible, e.g., you can pick up the car late. The personnel is polite and knowledgeable.
Good honest business. They did not nickel and dime me and have quickly gained my loyalty and respect. They had the decency to recommend that I not get my inefficient catalytic converter replaced.  Bit of a wait to get the car in, but it was well worth it.
I just went to Tim as my check engine light came on on my recently purchased 2005 Toyota Corolla. Tim took a look at the code and told me what the problem was. Reset it for me and told me to call him if it comes on again, all free of charge in just 5 minutes. That is why I like Tim and will recommend him over anyone else, especially for old cars, the guy is very honest and will only recommend what is best for your car and your situation. Not making you spend money when you don't need to.
Even though I work nearby, there are several auto repair shops in the area so what drew me to Walter's was the fantastic reviews on Yelp, and I agree, and am a very satisfied customer.  They were able to squeeze me in for my past-due yearly inspection after my dealership was unable to keep my scheduled appointment last Saturday due to a power outage.  I dropped the car off before work and was able to pick it up easily.  They were attentive, friendly, and fair-priced - I plan on using them again not only for my yearly inspection but for my regular car maintenance.
My car had the SRS (supplemental restraint system, I think) light go on, which means either airbag or seatbelt issues.  Brought it into Walter, who mentioned that for my year car, there's usually a warranty covering this part, and I'd be better off at the dealer.  But I had been told by a dealer in the North Hills (in retrospect, incorrectly) that it wouldn't be covered, so I left it with Walter.  He diagnosed the problem as the seat belt buckle, called Shadyside Honda with my car's VIN, and Shadyside confirmed that the part *was* under warranty.  Walter then called me and suggested I take it there.  And he refused to charge me anything, even after two offers to pay.  So, in terms of honesty and willingness to really go beyond what a customer would expect, Walter's automotive gets top ratings!
I used this shop in order to perform my annual inspection. They were extremely flexible with me being from out of state and my busy schedule. I was a bit apprehensive having an older car, but it passed without any issues. They're professional yet very approachable and reasonable prices. Fully recommend!
Leaving another review because Walter's has basically become the only car place I will go to.   Recently had my car in for an inspection. As always, the mechanics did great work and offered a very reasonable price for the services provided.   That's not why I'm leaving another review.   While I was there, a ring that has sentimental value to me fell out of my pocket. I didn't notice until later, and I had been to several places. I called each place and gave a description of the ring. But I figured that it was probably lost forever or had been stolen.  Today (a day after I called) the mechanic at Walter's called me back and told me that he'd found the ring.   Not only did the staff there humor me and look for something that I figured lost forever, but they found it and returned it!  Thanks so much for being not just great mechanics, but great human beings too, Walter's staff!
Shhhhh don't tell anybody!
Anything my car needs I go here. No matter what, Tim has a fair price and gets the job done. I never feel like he is trying to sell me anything extra. He just gets the job done and sends me on my way normally with in the day. This is a place you can trust and if he has an opening he will take you.
Great service, friendly people. I have been taking my car to Walter's for over two years now.  Four months back, I got my wheel bearing and hub changed in my 97 Accord. But when the noise came back recently, Tim replaced the hub without costing much. Honest would be the right word to describe the people at Walter's automotive.
This man is the real deal, a great mechanic, funny guy, and honest businessman. I was fearing the worst for my car after pep boys gave me a very high price to fix my cooling fan and miscommunicated vital info about the repair, prompting my earlier negative review. It took awhile to complete the repair as Tim told me two other cooling fans they tried to put in were also faulty. They finally got a third one in that worked, and charged me only for the parts and labor to put that fan in, which ended up being hundreds less than Pep Boys. Plenty of places could have tacked on a lot of extra labor costs for changing out those failed fans. I was blown away by the good experience I had, even if it took awhile and a couple fans to get right. Tim has won a loyal customer with that kind of service.
The staff at Walter's treated me like an old friend even though this was my first time there. Everyone was so nice, the prices are unbelievable & I will definitely bring my car here for any services it needs!
Consistently awesome. Highly recommended. They always get my car in quickly. Their estimates are spot on. Very friendly.
Probably unnecessary for me to add another 5 star review to this page... But I just can't help it.  Called in because I noticed a strange problem with my car that was only perceptible after driving it around for a while. They told me to bring the car in for a road test the next day. When I went in, I mentioned that the car was still under warranty but the dealership wanted to charge me $150 for a "diagnostic" before they could determine whether or not (a) there was actually a problem and (b) it was covered by my warranty. After driving around with me for about 20 minutes, Tim determined that there was definitely something strange going on... and then told me to take it back to the dealership and tell them that I had driven the car with a local mechanic and that there was clearly something wrong that should be covered by my warranty.   How much was I charged for this? Not. One. Dime. Such a pleasure to receive great service while also being treated with kindness and respect. Would recommend this place to anybody in a heartbeat.
Something I look for in car repair shops is accurate diagnosis, and I was not disappointed when I went to Walter's.  My car was screeching incessantly when I drove and turned.  It was so loud that I was worried that something was very wrong so I decided to get it checked out.  Walter took a look at my car and found that the problem was not serious, and he fixed the source of the noise with a screwdriver.  I drove away in minutes.  It was a good experience, and I would go back for other services.
Walters automotive has never disappointed me. I was quoted almost double what Walters charged me for replacement brakes and rotors. I'm so thankful that I held out to go to Walters and get the fair price.
Had my emissions inspection done here today. Tim is awesome. He has a sense of humor, is personable, and professional. I don't know much about mechanics, and when I asked him some questions, he explained it to me in laymen's terms without patronizing. He gave me advice on how I could make things go faster next year on their part. It was great.   I was a little nervous about seeing a new mechanic for my car because I'm a young woman and we can be discriminated against in the mechanical world. But my friend recommended Walter's and I am so glad. Fast, efficient service.
Had my front brakes replaced on my 2000 4Runner (rotors had gotten warped).  Also got an oil change.  Tim was awesome, had great stories and a funny guy.  Really great service here - definitely the place to go to.
I had my car inspected 2 weeks ago and it was a pleasure to deal with Walter's. They called me when they told me they would, and there were no surprises. It is so rare these days that you discover  a business so honest and so diligent. I would recommend Walter's to everybody;  however,  I'm worried I won't get an appt next year!
It's hard enough finding a good mechanic period. But to find one that's friendly and reasonably priced is unheard of. I've been loyal to Tim for the last 4 years and he's never let me down. If there's one complaint it's that things can sometimes take a little longer than expected, but this is a minuscule "con" in an ocean of "pros." At one time, I needed a new flex pipe put on my exhaust, Tim recommended that I go to a neighboring shop to get the exhaust work done because "it would be too expensive if I did it." This was something I've never encountered. A mechanic recommending another place to do business??? Do yourself a favor and give this place your business. Your car might be out of commission for a few days, but the comfort of knowing you're not being swindled is absolutely worth it.
Not that these guys need another 5 star review, but here I am.  Super nice folks. They are accommodating, knowledgeable, affordable, and fast.  I'm new to the area and went here based solely on yelp reviews. I hate dealing with mechanics but Walters was refreshingly painless.
Recently took our car to Walter's for a state inspection. Could not be more pleased with the service provided by Tim and his staff. Time went above and beyond to make sure that we were taken care of. I will be going back to Walter's for all of my auto mechanic needs.
Awesome place. I've been here two times. Both for issues with my cars battery. This last time I was supposed to leave for Philly when my car died on me the morning of. I temporarily fixed it, but called Walter's and explained the situation. They were willing to check it out despite the short notice. I pulled up an hour later and Walter himself walked out to look at it and quickly had the car up and running. He explained how he fixed it and how I could prevent this from happening in the future. All of this was done under 10 minutes. And because it was a minor problem, he charged nothing.   Go to Walters if you want a quality, honest fix. This is the only car mechanic shop I completely trust.
I have never felt this passionately positive about an auto mechanic. The first time I ever visited was when I first moved to Pittsburgh and away from a (terrible) mechanic elsewhere. My 2005 Prius was making odd noises when going up some of Pittsburgh's impressive hills, so I was naturally somewhat concerned. I brought my car in to Walter, and he sat in the passenger seat while I drove around to have him take a listen to the strange noise. Upon exiting the car, he said that this was nothing to worry about, that this sounded minor and if it got worse to bring it back. Cost for 20 minutes of his time, his expertise, and his alleviation of my fears? NOTHING. Two years later there has been no problem, and he's fixed many other minor issues, done inspections, and made tweaks whenever they have come up, all for a reasonable price. I trust Walter and his team 100%, and feel SO grateful that he is so close to my home. A+++. Could not recommend him more highly.
If you're looking for a good, honest mechanic in the east end I highly recommend Walter's! Went in just for an inspection and walked out of there paying for the inspection only. They didn't "find" anything like most places do just to make a buck off of you. They were friendly and honest about minor things that they said could wait. Being a female especially, I am super glad to have found a legit place that doesn't rip people off. I guess they have close to 100 five star Yelp reviews for a reason!
It's the go to place if you are looking for an honest mechanic who knows what he's doing. But please plan your trips a month in advance , cause that's the only way you can get a slot on their ever busy calendar.
I've taken my car to Walters twice and he hasn't charged me anything for both times.   First time I brought my car in it was making noises near the wheels.  I figure it had something to do with the brakes.  It was an older car and things were rusted and old so I figure it was time to replace it.  They looked over the car, test drove it, saw something was unaligned and fixed it easily.  Didn't charge me anything because it was an easy and quick fix.  The second time, I dropped my car off because it was making a clunking sound whenever I would accelerate/brake.  It's a newer car and I just bought it two months ago.  So I was very annoyed that I had to bring it in already.  I dropped it off at 10am and got a call at 2pm saying they test drove it, looked it over, saw suspension was fine, nothing wrong except for some loose stuff around the axle.  They tightened everything back up and the problem was gone.  When I asked how much do I owe them, he said nothing since they didn't fix anything just tightened it all up.  This is why the reviews keep saying they're honest.  They could easily charge me for the easy fixes and labor.  They could say I had more serious problems and I wouldn't know any better.  But luckily they didn't.  I was tight on money this month and was dreading to hear the bill.  I am happy driving my car again knowing the problem was small and there's no real issue with the car.  Receptionist was friendly, Tim was friendly, I found everyone there very easy to talk to and approachable.  I called them on a Thursday and had an appointment the following week on a Friday.  So it does take some time to get in with them but if your car can handle it, the wait is worth it.
These guys are great! I have been here once and I loved them. Unlike other places, they don't force services and parts replacements on you. They'll tell you that you need to change an item, but you could easily go on for another X miles/months. I really liked them and will keep going back.
Nothing new to say that everyone has not said before.  Tim is great, you will get honest repairs done for your car.
Can't say enough about how nice everyone at this shop is, and how reasonable their prices are. As a college student with zero knowledge about cars, I was worried about finding somewhere in Pittsburgh to get inspection and repairs done. They've been great and I've been taking my car to them for 2 years now. Do your best to schedule in advance because they're very busy but they will try to help you out if you're on a time crunch!
Lord love an honest about mechanic!!  I have been traveling for 3 months and knew that I needed to get my front & back brakes done & I knew there was at least 1 motor mount that was bad when I bought the car 10 months ago.  Stopped at one of those chain places 3 months back when I started my trip to get my oil changed and 1 new tire.  They were the kings of: "Hey could you come over for a second?  I wanna show you something."  They said all this other stuff was wrong with my car and quoted me an estimate of $1705 for the repairs.  I got up this morning and googled "honest auto mechanic Pittsburgh" Walter's place was the first place that came up. Tons of 5 star reviews.  Gave them a call.  They had me come on over and got my front and back brakes done for me.  (The other place said the brakes and the rotors were bad 3 months ago.) He mentioned the motor mount.  The other place told me all 4 were bad.  2 were bad.  So I ended up having Walter take care of that too because if I find someone who is honest, fast & efficient then I'm sticking with them.  What was a $1705 bill turned into a $726 bill.  I'll take it!!  Nice honest people & fast service.
I am always hesitant when I go to car shops by myself because I am oftentimes met with a salesman or mechanic who tries to "pull one over" on me because I am pretty ignorant when it comes to anything automotive. For this reason, I usually come back a second time with someone who "knows cars" so that I don't get swindled.   A friend, however, recommended this place as I was searching for a local auto repair shop for some terribly squealing brakes on my SUV. I called and they were booked solid for two weeks. Even so, he still told me to swing by so he could give it a test drive and ensure that I wasn't risking any dangerous driving conditions. He was respectful, honest, and told me what he would be able to do for me.  He fit me in the very next morning and fixed my brakes within a matter of hours AND for an incredibly cheap price.  Great service and fantastic price.  Keeping this one on my short list. Absolutely five stars.
Had a great experience with the staff - quick service, fair prices. Come here if you need anything or check ups on your car!  Try to make your appointment 2wks in advance.
They are great at taking time to explain things to you. Very honest and caring folks, it's obvious why it takes time to schedule a repair or service--they're so popular!
These guys are really honest and really good. Their worth goes higher even, if you consider the fact that a lot of other auto repair shops will loot you.   I was new to America and to owning a vehicle and Tim would be helpful and resolved all problems to my satisfaction. They're charges are also reasonable and at one instance they even didn't charge me for tire rotation because 'they had the car on the lift anyway'.   The _only_ downside though is that since theyre so popular, at times you have to wait like a month to get an appointment. And I've had occasion where they've forgotten about my car. So a little bit of professionalism is lacking.  But on the whole, I'd trust these guys over anything else!
Named for Pittsburgh greats, Gene Kelly and Billy Strayhorn, this historic theater is a real gem.  Originally the Regent, built in 1914, the building was renovated in 2000 as a performing arts center for theater, dance, music and film.  I have been to several fundraisers hosted by the Kelly Strayhorn, and they have always been first rate.  Also, I recently attended the Kelly Strayhorn's own fundraiser, Full Bloom, which was lots of fun.  As a venue, this place is definitely worth your attention, and the staff seems to bend over backward to make sure events go off without a hitch.
Whether it's an emergency or not, these guys make your problem a priority.  I called City Locksmith first, who said they would call me back in 5 minutes when they sent a technician.  I waited 30; called Ace Lock and someone was here in 10 minutes, just as City Locksmith was calling me to tell me they were finally going to send someone.    CALL ACE FIRST!!!!  :-D
These guys are great. Fast, accurate, and very fair. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
I already had a transponder key for my truck but needed the key cut so I could use it. They did it right then and didn't charge me anything.
Extremely satisfied with the service that was provided by Ace Lock.  Their technician showed up on time, and got to work right away.  It is refreshing to see a craftsman who is proud of his work, and wants to get the job done quickly.
Exceeded expectations.  I needed some help with four lock sets, at 10 AM I called Ace (based on Yelp! reviews) and a very pleasant woman told they'd be there the same afternoon.  Sounded good.  What was even better?  They showed up less than an hour later!  Since when do service technicians show up several hours early?  Mike took care of the job quickly, efficiently and at a very reasonable price.
Great guys there. Brought in a broken lock that it turned out they couldn't do much with but they spent well over an hour helping me and providing guidance on a replacement which they didn't even have to sell me (not lack of inventory, just different category - was more of a Home Depot product) Extremely professional, personable, and helpful staff. Will always come back with any locksmithing needs!
One of the key components (LOL) of the success of this business has got to be Tony.   He is absolutely professional, positively punctual and just an all-around courteous and friendly employee of the company
Great place. Easily the best in the city. Open on Saturday from 10am till sold out and there will usually be a line out the door.    They will also take orders for things during the week but in whole sizes only (not slices, etc). They sell fresh eggs from their farm and supplies for making fresh mozzarella, etc.  Cooking classes are available and i have taken a couple, one with my daughter at the farm and it was worth every penny.  Highly rated.
We watched the line start forming for Food Glorious Food around 9:30am while eating brunch next door.  They open their doors at 10am, so this was a good indication of what great things were inside. Apparently they stay open until they are sold out.  By 11:30 when we finally got inside, there was still plenty of delicious things left!  My husband and I split a slice of key lime pie (one of his all time favorites.)  And he said he hadn't one so good since Miami.   Our friends, who had been many times before, bought a ricotta pie and a multi-layered  nut/chocolate cake - also both divine. I can't wait to go back!
Marvelous! Saturday morning Secret Bakery? What?  Sure it's like waiting in line for Pink Floyd concert tickets, but then you get to eat the tickets. And they're delicious.  Can't stop thinking about that Jewish Pizza...
Plays well with a Tazza latte around the corner! The quiche was divine and the the biscuits were what I imagine my mom would have made had she actually made biscuits. Two words: YUM-OH! Cannot wait to return to the Steel City so I can partake in some of the desserts.
I have not had a bad thing from this place, ever.  I am hesitant to tell more people about this place, because I will stand in line longer on Saturday.  One weekend, I advance-ordered a chocolate/vanilla butter cream cake.  The ordering process was a bit drawin-out, but I was rewarded for my patience with the most amazing cake I have ever tasted.  I took the cake to a party, and the cake was the hit the talk of the party.  I will have to take 2 cakes to the next party.  Everyone stated that it was the best cake they had ever had.  My daughter craves that cake on Tuesday, and alas, I cannot scratch that itch till Saturday, when those magic doors open for a few hours to allow us into enjoy the sweet and savory heaven that Food Glorous Food offers.
This place has probably some of the best pastries I've ever encountered.  The treats are consistently great to amazing to even mouth watering.  The bakery is this quaint little place that is really cute with nice baking decorations and everything.  The staff is really friendly and always helpful with making the hard selection.  The cupcakes are these cream-stuffed pieces of heaven, and their signature sandwiches are out of this world.  Everything else leaves nothing to be desired, and keeps me coming back as frequently as I can find someone to accompany me.
I am at Food Glorious Food every weekend. I always try to sample something new every time I go, and everything I've had has been wonderful. The cupcakes are so buttery and the fillings and frosting so creamy (and sweet, but not over the top sweet). The fruit tarts are also excellent-- my favorite is just topped with a very generous amount of cream and and assorted fruit (berries, kiwi, mandarin orange, etc). Ahh, soooo good. I haven't tried the focaccia (yet) but they look incredible. And I ALWAYS get a biscuit. Every time. They recently expanded their hours, and are now open Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. And they will take orders by phone. So if there is something you want that is a popular item, you can call and they will hold it for you until you get there!  The line can be long but the staff is very efficient-- I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes. I can't say enough wonderful things about this place!
Went for the first time yesterday and will definitely go again and again!  Bought a huge assortment to share for dessert last night with some friends,  Amazing bread pudding- dreamt about it all night last night then woke up and ate the rest of it! The Jewish pizza was amazing, beat choc chip cookies ever, great Madeline's, great white lily cake, fantastic plum tart, to-die-for German choc cake and a really good sugar free cake with berries ( you'd never guess it was sugar free)The only thing that I thought was "meh" was the macaroons- tried blood orange and pistachio- have had much better right here in Pittsburgh from the French bakery in Millvale. I consider myself and expert in macaroons, and these were a little over cooked. Anyway, I declare this the best bakery I have ever gone to in Pittsburgh. Not cheap, but you really get what you pay for in this case.
Some of the best desserts you'll ever taste can be found here, and you can feel like you've discovered a city secret in the process. This is because the shop opens only Saturdays at 10 am, and you will usually spot a line forming at 9:30. They stay open until they sell out, which is usually around noon. It's like a magical place that opens for a brief period of time, then disappears as fast as it appeared.   Anyways, as for the desserts, they feature at wide selection of tarts, cakes, and other types of pastries. All of them look mouth-watering delicious. One of the cakes won some sort of award...I had this and a few other kinds as well, and they were all phenomenal. They used an addictive whipped cream type of "frosting" for their cakes, and all of this deliciousness can be had at completely reasonable prices.  I've always wondered why they only open Saturday morning though, and what they do during the week. Even if you're not in the area, it's worth arriving at 9:30 to experience the novelty and cool experience of this strange, tiny, and wonderful dessert shoppe!
Very good dessert - had the lemon tarte. Even better Ham & Cheese sandwiches. Didn't try their biscuits, but will definitely be back next weekend :D  Bring cash! $10 minimum for credit/debit cards.
The first time I came here, I waited in line for 20 minutes.  When it was my turn, I realized I left my wallet in the car.  It hurt so bad, I didn't come back for a year.  I can walk to this place from my house- which is dangerous because those biscuits are just OH SO DREAMY.  I can't describe them.  Just get some.  Do I feel guilty about noshing on fabulous Strawberry Napoleons and Jewish Pizza (kind of like a modified, yet TOTALLY delicious fruitcake bar) at 10:15am?  Hecks, naw... But they do have quiche and some other breakfast-y items for those who prefer a more traditional approach to your stomach's opening ceremony.  Just go early :)  They open at 10 on Saturdays.  And bring cash...it's easier that way.
The website is almost never updated, it's small, crowded, they are not the best at answering or returning phone call inquiries, and you have to get there ridiculously early to enjoy a decent selection.  So far these points don't sound like a rave review, but the thing is once you taste some of the delectable treats this place has to offer you will all but forget about any grievances you might have.  The food is truly glorious, and every last delicious morsel makes the rest entirely worth whatever you have to put up with to get to it.  I hate key lime pie, but after trying a sample of theirs in line to place my order, I am a convert, it's that good, as is everything else.
There is no better place in Pittsburgh for interesting baked goods.  I wait in line with my daughter (who is 14 and only gets up early on a weekend when we are coming here:) on Saturdays and it is worth it.  We are foodies and cook a lot at home so let me hit some highlights:  the ham and cheese sandwiches are to die for and i hesitate to let you all know that; the biscuits are crazy good..dense and moist; the key lime cake is the best i've ever; amazing pepperoni rolls; the chocolate tulip is death by chocolate and delicious!  We haven't eaten our way through everything yet but it's all fantastic. Lisa
We were visiting our friends who live close by, it was raining on a Saturday morning, our friends told my boyfriend and I to go here and get a ham sandwich. A ham sandwich? We thought. Yes a ham sandwich. My bf grabbed two to go while I waited in the car and we started eating and driving, eating these warm buttery wonderful tiny ham sandwiches. 5 minutes later we drove back to food glorious food , this time I hoped out of the car and ran in , got 3 more and ran back to the car. I'm not a foodie, I'm not a meat lover, I rarely eat breakfast. ........ But........ These were to die for!!!! How could a tiny little ham sandwich taste so good?  The people that worked there, a young woman and a very young (teenager?) man we're so sweet and friendly,  the pastries were sitting all around on trays looked amazing too! Very small and charming inside, just like you want French cafes to be.  When we go to house sit for our friends next month, I will be a gaining few pounds a week on ham sandwiches. It might be the most savory 3 weeks of my life.
My sister, husband, and I went in after early dinner. It was completely unplanned but we were attracted to the quaint storefront. We purchased a crispy elephant ear-like dessert sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar. It was glorious. I bought a piece of apple-walnut-cinnamon sugar cake with cream cheese frosting. It was delicious an moist. We also purchased freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. They were absolutely rich and scrumptious. The woman who was there an greeted us seemed like she might be the owner. She was sweet and very helpful. Great disposition. This is probably my favorite small bakery in Pittsburgh. Delightful.
I can't even.  Perfectly delicious food, reminds me of a true French bakery. Delectable cakes, pastries, chocolatey things, as well as savory quiches, breads, and their signature little marinated ham sammies.  I used to be a regular here on Saturday mornings and would spend $20-30 bc I'd get 4-5 things to last me through the week. Ha! That never worked out. It lasted about 3 days.  The last time I went, the person working the counter was really unfriendly. But hey, maybe they're trying to really nail that French bakery vibe :)  No matter, the baked goods redeemed this cranky lady.
Food glorious foooood, hot sausage and MUStard...  Actually they don't sell hot sausage and mustard but, you know.   They do have amazing ham and cheese sandwiches, that are kinda pricy, but oh so good. And if you want them, you better get there early on the weekend! They're small, so get 2 for yourself at least :)  We've also tried the Nutella tart, which i've had twice now because it's SO DELICIOUS. The fruit tart is not bad, cinnamon buns are great, jewish pizza is ok (not what I was expecting - it's kinda like a fruitcake - like the dreaded holiday kind - but denser and drier), strata (eggy bread dish) which was pretty good, key lime cake - so so good, and quiche (good).   Seating is hit or miss, since there's only a few tables (3 of them seat 4 people, 1 seats 2 people). On a quieter morning you should be able to find a seat. They serve coffee as well (nothing to write home about), $2 a cup, but if you like coffee with your dessert like me, it's nice to have.
Came across this place after checking out a Thai restaurant across the street. The name intrigued my family and I, and it looked like adorable from the outside.   I fell in love instantly. And came back several times after first discovering this hidden gem. You walk in and the wonderful smells just overwhelm you in just an amazing way. The ambiance is that of an old style kitchen- personally, it reminds me of one of my aunts kitchens, which gives it that homey feel that is so comforting. They have seating- which I never saw in any bakeries prior to this one. They also serve coffee and encourage you to take a seat and enjoy your sweet treat.   They offer such a unique array of sweets. Definitely not your typical bakery. Pies, tortes, mooses and cookies.. And when they do have cinnamon rolls, grab them! They are a hot commodity! My personal favorite is their key lime pie. Oh my goodness. It's amazing. They have had it every time that I came, thank goodness. Their key lime cake is phenomenal as well. Their fruit tarts are incredible, the chocolate moose is amazing- they have a lot of items with fresh fruit which I love!   My only critiques- the hours: they are closed on Mondays and Sundays :/, not ideal for someone whose only day off is typically Sunday. And also, they write all the items thy have in the case on a small chalkboard posted on the wall to the right of the case. Every time I go, I find myself asking the employees what everything is, which I find to be a little annoying. Regardless- it's worth it. It's such a hidden gem and going there and experiencing their sweets is a real treat.
This is the best little bakery in Pittsburgh!  My favorites include: key lime cake, biscuits, strata and their ham sandwiches!  The line is always out the door, but you won't be disappointed!
The best desserts in Pittsburgh I've ever had, bar none. I've had pecan pie, key lime pie, lilac cake (which is basically the best white cake you'll ever have), broccoli/cheese & mushroom quiches, biscuits, coconut cream pie. The crusts are exquisite, too. Everything tastes homemade, yet from the nicest home in the city.
My sister and I were walking her dog when she told me about the cinnamon rolls at Food Glorious Food. She said that they were incredible but that they sold out really quickly after the store opened. We happened to walk past the store at 10:15 AM (the store opened at 10 that day), so we decided to try our luck. We arrived just in time, and we managed to snag the very last cinnamon roll (at least at the moment; maybe they make more later, but I'm not sure). We also got three macarons: one blue velvet, one PB&J, and one salted caramel. All of these items totaled to $9, which I think it a pretty good deal.   The cinnamon roll was outstanding. It was soft, buttery, and perfectly sweet. All of the macarons were top notch too. They had thin, crispy shells with a chewy inside and subtle but still very recognizable (and tasty) fillings.   If you are in the Highland Park area, you should absolutely treat yourself to the delicious baked goods at Food Glorious Food.
This bakery is amazing!  We stopped on a whim after eating breakfast next door because the place looked cute and we are so glad that we did.  We got a chocolate chip cookie, a piece of their signature white cake with raspberry filling, a raspberry filled kolache, a cinnamon dough oval, and a brownie.  Everything was delicious!  The service was exceptional. There was a line out the door as we were leaving at about 11:30am. We will certainly go back as we are fussy about our baked goods and this place meets our standards.
White Lily Cake, bought the first time because I liked the name.  Now my family expects me to bring it to all family functions!  It is beautiful to look at and delicious to taste!
This place fills a void in Pittsburgh: a genuinely from-scratch bakery in the East End. I got a sampling of cookies, a quiche, a ham and cheese bun, a raspberry kolachie, and a cinnamon bun. Every item was uniquely simple and delicious.  I ordered a pan of biscuits for my Saturday brunch and I can't wait to pick them up.  I felt like I was in my great aunts kitchen. It's an extremely inviting and personal experience, I'll be a regular here from now on.   La Gourmandine is an amazing French bakery, but the atmosphere and quality at Food Glorious Food is something more than panache, it feels like home.
I walk by this place every Wednesday, and until today I had never poked my head inside. I was super hungry, it's raining, and the store smells SO GOOD, so I couldn't resist.  The person helping me was super patient and nice while I asked about basically everything in the case (checking for gelatin, you know). Also, they take credit card!  Anyway I settled on a pumpkin roll, which was amazing. First, the slices are huge. Second, the ratio of cream cheese frosting to cake is high, but I love it like that. Third, the flavor overall was perfect, not too sweet.  Can't wait until next Wednesday!
I had a slice of the White Lily Cake at a wedding in 2013. Still to this day, one of the best pieces of cake I've had. Definitely tops the list of wedding cakes. The icing is nice and light, the sweetness is well balanced, and the fresh fruit is always a nice touch.
Tom and Brad are the BEST! My entire family LOVES this place and Tom and Brad (and you will too!)
This place.  I can't say good enough things about it.  Dangerously delicious treats and super nice staff.  I do wish they had markers on their items so people wouldn't spend 10 minutes asking what each individual product is, especially when they're really busy on Saturday mornings...
Absolutely love this place! It's only a few blocks away from where I live and we love walking over and grabbing a little something. My favorite is the buttermilk biscuits. Soooo yummy. The cinnamon rolls are great too. Not a huge fan of the chocolate chip cookie only because they use a mix of semi sweet and milk chocolate chips. (I personally hate milk chocolate). But other than that I love this place! I highly recommend trying it out!
Came here needing to change our titles to PA after moving from California.   Service was very nice and the staff was extremely helpful... It's not an easy process and at least they're very accommodating.
I moved to Pgh from San Francisco in 2010, and every single dealing I've had with AAA since I moved here has been great -- straightforward, super helpful people, and mostly quite brief wait times.   The agent that I have worked with from the start, whose name I think is Heather (long dark hair, second desk from the left), has always been willing to spend as much time with me as I needed to understand what I was buying and/or the process that I needed to go through.  Also, my car was totaled a couple of years ago (some jagoff who was texting rear-ended me, ahem, please don't do this), and they were phenomenal. I had a check for the full amount in less than a week.  I see a lot of negative reviews here for services that are title related. I don't know if those people are even AAA employees, they might be DOT for all we know. I've had three title transactions, including one for a car that was from out of state, and they all went smoothly.   I've been with AAA for more than 40 years, and when I lived in California I was seriously considering switching. Not anymore.
It is so painful for me to give this place a 5 star review, but when I think back to the bad times I've had here, it's because I was in a terrible mood when I walked in and it just didn't get better.  When you come here, be prepared to wait. I routinely wait for about an hour. Seems ridiculous? It used to piss me off but now I bring a magazine.  It is better to have a AAA membership when you go here because you will get a discount, but it is the only DMV in the area. It is convenient because of that, and they do validate parking. I recently bought an SUV out of state. The transfer could not have been easier, even with the messed up mileage written down by the idiot I bought it from. Can you believe he actually tried to sell me the truck with a Bill of Sale?? Yeah, um NO! (I'm just justifying calling him an idiot). You can get pretty much everything done here, even get your license renewed. Do not go here on the weekend. It is a zoo. And don't go here during lunch hours during the week. Around 2 in the afternoon on a weekday has done me well.  Just be patient and treat the employees with respect, and you will get out of here in one piece and maybe even in a good mood!
This library is so close to the east liberty shops and development projects. It is a half a block away from the Borders and Walgreens. You can take out a limit of 50 books and they have tables of fiction bestsellers and a great cookbook selection. Good place to go this summer for something to read and not spend a dime...
Well, I just moved to Shadyside from Oakland so I'm used to perusing the lovely stacks at CLP Main. I finally made my way here a month after moving and was pleased with the selection. It's not as extensive as main, but it couldn't be since it's much more compact! If you want something from another branch you can request to pick it up here. They also had a lot of computers to use, chairs for sitting to read and a decent magazine selection. It's bright, modern, airy and I have no complaints. Other than I couldn't use the self-checkout because it was being wonky, but that's technology for you :)
Great place for East Liberty to have this library and it's so close to my house. I love it here. Also it's nice and quiet here. Great addition for the African American community of east liberty. I love the section of books they have. Come down and visit this awesome place!!!
I've only been there a few times but it was a nice place - good staff, they mix drinks well, and it's a friendly atmosphere.
This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. It's a bit edgier than most of the others bars in the area, which also gives it a lot more character. This place is one of the closest things that reminds me of an urban-artsy feel that I'm used to in Southern CA.   Shadow supports local artists and has weekly open mics. Only downside is I'm not used to paying a cover for open-mic sessions, but I understand an establishment needs to raise some dough. The drinks are decent and there are many local and big artists that come here for shows.   Always good vibes at Shadow!
Among the best of the 'burgh.  Great live acts on a regular basis.
As a Brooklyn based live indie-electronic/hiphop performer that travels, Shadow Lounge is by far one of my all time favorites.  As a Pittsburgh native remembering it's first opening when it was just bboys, graff heads, MC's and DJ's doing their local thing, it's amazing to see this place has become so professional, original, and really stands-out and is positively active for the community and continuing growth of Pittsburgh.  The service is delightful on both sides (AVA/Shadow Lounge), the prices are just right, the sound system is a complete BANGER with crisp and clean sound.   The crowd is mad cool and always responsive to good music.  Shadow Lounge really holds it down for Pittsburgh's scenes no matter the genre.  Can't visit Pittsburgh without stopping by Shadow Lounge.
I'm a newbie in Pittsburgh and have lived in California almost all of my life. Most recently I was living in the San Francisco Bay Area where dope lounges, clubs, cafes are bountiful. Ever since the first time I stepped foot in Shadow Lounge a sense of familiarity and peace overwhelmed me. Gotta give it up to the owner, Justin, for creating such a unique and welcoming venue in Pittsburgh, I can honestly say that both Shadow and Ava Lounge have become one of my new favorite kick it spots hands down!
Great food, timely charming staff, great sound guy, and nice environs! Go here!
Loved everything from the ownership, to the crowd, to the live music. LOVED how everyone seemed to actually be dancing, and not just standing and staring on the side lines. Did I mention that it was a live 10 person salsa band? Yes, yet another oxymoron: salsa and snow... Again.. Only in Pittsburgh!
Went several nights in a row: Thursday, Saturday & Sunday. I cannot say enough how much I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! Every night was different: African night, Latin Dance, Brass Band (that was amazing). The Ownership is way friendly & open to chatting which I love. The bartenders are open, friendly & genuine...anyone who remembers my name & my drink is a winner in my book! It shows they are listening when they actually ask you a question! The ownership was willing to allow us to order & set on fire a Flaming Dr. Pepper.....had to bring a little Southern treasure North! ;)  I love the diverse, yet open and friendly crowd each night. I felt right at home.  Now for the real surprise....THE FOOD!!!  We ordered the~  Tortas 7.00...we got one Chicken & one Steak..both were perfect!  Sandwiches with your choice of tofu or breaded chicken.  Served on toasted bread or multi-grain wrap with melted mozzarella cheese, fried bean spread, avocados, tomatoes, and onions. Topped with a chipotle sauce  Cheese Steak Torta 9.00  Grilled steak served on toasted bread or multi-grain wrap with onions, peppers, mozzarella cheese, fried bean spread, topped with guacamole and chipotle sauce  I was shocked & amazed at how wonderful this "bar food" was. The tortas were great & the guacamole homemade.   I will be back every time I am in Pittsburgh!
On Tuesday nights, they have open mic. On my birthday (4-12), I went here to check off another life list item...SPOKEN WORD! I did it! The crowd was open & welcoming to all that performed. There are some awesome artists in Pittsburgh! Also for $5.00, I got a basket of tortilla chips and 3 homemade dips: guacamole, black bean and a verde salsa...all were delicious & for $5.00 it was A LOT!
They are showing out behind the bar!!! Last night, I had several of their new drinks: key lime pie martini...AMAZING, my best friend is black...DELICIOUS, strawberry, lemonade and basil, not my fav, but tasty. The key lime pie martini and the steak burrito are a great pairing! I continue to love this place, the people there, the overall atmosphere more than any other place I have experienced in the bar/lounge scene.
Combinacion! This place is the shit for real. Where's the Patron at???  (b)
Absolutely amazing! Great staff and service! Best music in Pittsburgh, hands down.  Good work guys!
I wish I were cool enough to hang out here...  I am not.   However, that does not stop me from going from time to time and trying to blend in with the cool crowd.   In all seriousness, this place is great. A laid back vibe with the best music and best bar in town. And when I say best music...I MEAN best music. Best Jazz night in Pittsburgh on Mondays, great classic hip hop, and other genres that you don't hear anywhere else in Pittsburgh.  The owner is awesome and will talk music with you any time he has a moment. If you are a music nerd, come early and chat it up with Justin. he knows his stuff and will chat it up with you. I promise you will love chatting with him. Very cool guy.   And of course the bartenders...all great. Very friendly. Will make you whatever you want, or mix up something special and surprise you if you would like. Again...I'm probably not cool enough to hang out with them, but when I am hanging out at the bar, they never remind me of that.
One of the most eclectic venues in Pittsburgh. Shadow Lounge has a great variety of acts that it pulls in.  I just went to their Titletown Soul & Funk Party and it was a really great time. Great music, fun crowd, pretty decent prices on drinks. I'll definitely be going back for Titletown and in general, Shadow Lounge is a great place to see alternative acts in Pittsburgh.
Best jazz open mic I've ever seen. Possibly the best in the U.S.
Um, amazing. Is this real life? Or is it just a shadow? Just kidding about that joke. But seriously, I was blown away by the drinks, specials, servers, food, manager, space....that I couldn't understand why it wasn't packed on a Monday night that happened to be Martin Luther King Day! Callen (I think I am spelling her name right) is an incredibly sweet, efficient, and talented bartender; Solomon on the grill whips up a KILLER (but without death; veg friendly) tofu and bean fried taco; and Justin is an offbeat, dry, and very cool bar owner who is interested in providing an open space for his community - they have held a huge number of widely different acts in the past, and plan for more in the future! Look out! Geeeez, guys, AND you have drink specials erry dey? Thank God I got there on $4 margarita night. Nothing impresses me more than a dern good margarita, I don't care if it comes in a tall glass.  The bar itself (I don't think we're in AVA anymore, Toto...) can get mildly confusing if you don't bother to learn the layout until you're three margaritas deep, so let me advise you in advance: AVA is the part that is glowing green, and feels like a cozy, well, lounge...Shadow Lounge is the rest. There is a large, yellow room containing the main stage, and a blue, intimate room with a half-bar.   Who wants to go with me on a Wednesday for ~experimental~craft~drink~ night? Oh, and no, they're not hiring.
When I go out I like a more mature ,diverse crowd -which I have to admit, some places in Pittsburgh can not offer.  Ava offers that and then some.  The atmosphere is awesome and gives off a neo soul vibe.  All of the Bartenders are friendly and can mix a mean drink (especially Asante) This is the only place I will go for happy hour or just to chill and have a drink.  Justin and staff keep up the awesome job ...Ava is my favorite spot, and I  would and have recommend  it !!!!
I love this store. I can just spend hours walking around getting ideas of things to either update or change around my house.  All of the sales associates are very helpful and knowledgeable. Sometimes it's hard to find someone to help you because they are busy helping other customers.  They even cut keys that actually work.
I've been to the Glass Center perhaps 5 or so times now. I've gone for a tours/demonstrations and two "Make It Now" classes. I have thoroughly enjoyed going each and every time. Some of the art they have on display is fantastic. It was interesting the last time I went because local artists were there to sell glass work they made.  The Make It Now classes are well worth $25. You get to be somewhat involved in creating the object (You get to pick the color, blow the glass, and do a couple of other things. You never get too hot to the ovens or do anything dangerous at all. If you want to be more involved, there are other more advanced classes that you can take), plus you have a wonderful piece of art to take home! I've made an ornament and pumpkin so far and will be making a flower soon. The instructors have all been very nice and helpful as well, making the experience even better.  I can't wait to go back!
I LOVE the glass center. I've been lucky enough to attend quite a few events here, and also do a small class where I was able to make an ornament. The staff is always friendly and fun, and I always leave feeling grateful that we have such a unique place here in Pittsburgh!
The Glass Center is a marvelous addition the Pittsburgh cultural scene.  They are a gallery, a place to take classes, a center for glass artists in residence, and much more.  Whether you are taking a tour, a class, or visiting the gift shop or gallery, there's a lot to see and learn here.  I've taken tours several times with different groups, but I always learn something new and I am always impressed by the great work takes place at the Center.  They will take students at every level.  Their facility is well run and professionally staffed.  I was delighted to meet their enthusiastic staff.  There's a hot shop, a cold shop, a flame shop, and a gallery, so there's lots to see and learn.
I went to a yelp event here, where we were able to make a fused glass piece and also watch some demonstrations and go to the gallery. Everything in the gallery was amazing. The demonstrations were neat, and the fused glass was something I would go back to do again.  I really didn't know that the glass center was open most of the time, and if you go there on any random day, you can watch whatever is going on. I think that is pretty cool! They also have classes where you can blow glass or make beads or whatever you want... I can't wait to pick up my piece and come back for another class!
Went here with my girlfriends last Saturday.  They were having a girls night event.  A small bar & desserts were included in the price.  It was $40 per person. We loved it!  We worked closely with a glass artist.  We didn't just watch, we were acutally doing it!  We made glass flowers, I can't wait to pick mine up!  (It takes a few days.)  I definitely recommend this as something different to do with friends or on a date! My one friend did a glass blowing event there & said that this was much more HANDS ON than the glass blowing was.
I'm always looking for unique ways to spend Valentine's Day.  This year, I celebrated by doing a make-it-now at the Glass Center with CM.  This event was held the evening of the day before Valentine's Day (2/13, a Fri.).  I'd been to the Glass Center in fall 2013 to observe an exhibition during RADical days, and had been meaning to try out a make-it-now, so this event provided the perfect opportunity to try my hand at glass craftsmanship as a novice.  For the V-Day event, you could choose between three items to make: a glass flower, a heart pendant, and a glass tile.  CM and I chose to make a glass flower, so upon checking into the glass center, we were told to go upstairs and check in at the hot shop.  Upon doing so, there was a 15-20 min. wait, given that many other couples were scheduled to do the activity at around the same time.  We passed the time by helping ourselves to some of the snacks that the Glass Center thoughtfully provided for participants.  When we were called, we worked with an instructor from the Glass Center (I forget his name) to make our flower.  He first demonstrated the steps involved in the process, explaining each of them in turn.  We then chose the colors and design of our flower, and proceeded to work with our instructor to carry out each of the steps.  He was very patient and helpful throughout the whole process, despite our characteristic clumsiness!  Despite the amount of people and molten glass in the studio, crafting our flower was a breeze and a lot of fun, thanks to his guidance!  After making our flower, we had to rush across the street because we had reservations for dinner at Verde.  After finishing dinner, we returned and observed the other make-it-now activities--the pendant in particular was fun to watch.  After they wrapped up, we went to the gallery to check out the glass art exhibit, which featured an arts program in Wilkinsburg.  We were even able to participate in it by adding to a mosaic that would be displayed at the program.  Finally, we checked out some of the glass art on exhibit by artists using the Glass Center in the foyer.  Overall, we had an amazing time making our flower at the Glass Center during the V-Day make-it-now, and strongly recommend it as a unique V-Day activity.  The price was reasonable ($35), the activity was fun, and the staff was friendly.  The only drawbacks were: (1) it was crowded, due to the popularity of the event, and (2) you have to wait three days to pick up your item so that it can cool properly. Obviously, however, there's not much the Glass Center can do about them, so I'm awarding 5 stars for one of the most unique and fun venues and activities in PGH!
I'm not the traditional, flowers, chocolate and dinner kind of Valentine. I want to do something fun and different! So when saw Pittsburgh Glass Center was hosting flower making classes for Valentine's Day I was IN! As soon as I found out about it, the spots were filling up quickly so my boyfriend and I signed up for a 5:45 class. We got there early because, well that's just who we are lol so we walked and got a cup of coffee and tried to warm up. When we came back, we went upstairs to where the class was and it was so warm and toasty up there! I could have fallen asleep! "The guy with the clipboard" as he referred to himself took our tickets and we had a seat to watch the other people making their flowers. We were teamed up with a guy (Matt, Joe... I don't remember his name, skinny, beanie, glasses) who helped us make our flowers. He was so friendly and talkative. He really took the time to explain the process to us even though people were waiting, I never felt rushed.   After we finished making our flowers, I was slightly sad we weren't able to take them home that day, BUT our guy explained to us when we could pick them up and why were weren't able to take them home today (ie. glass explosion).   I look forward to going back here for another event or just to look around!
The PGC offers something for everybody. There are very few (less than a dozen) studios like this in the states, so we are incredibly lucky to have one here. The equipment is maintained by a professional crew and the classes are taught by highly skilled and professional artists. This is definitely the best place you could think about having your first interaction with molten glass.. or if you're a professional artist moving to Pittsburgh.. well, this will be your new home.
The best church in Pittsburgh!   If you are new to the Pittsburgh area or are just looking for a new church to belong to then your search is over!   One thing I love about Mt. Ararat is that it's not a black church or a white church, but it's a church for all people of all colors and races. Pastor Curtis is one of the best teachers and preaches I have ever heard!   Men's bible study is on the first Monday of the month at 7pm. Regular bible study is on Tuesdays at 12 noon and 6pm. Saturday night live worship service is at 7pm. Sunday morning worship times are 7am, 9:30 and 11:45am. If you can't make it to Tuesday evening bible study or worship service on Sunday you can watch them on the churches website.   There are even shuttles to pick you up in Oakland if you are a college student and would like to go Sunday worship service.   Not to mention the Rement Choir is amazing. They came in second place in the 2009 National How Sweet The Sound Choir Competition! They have put out two Cd's. The second one, Only Jesus was recently released and it is amazing!   They even have a separate youth worship service during the 11:45 service for children from six all the way to teenager's.   If you go to the 11:45 service on Sunday you'll see me in the balcony during the spring and summer and at the 9:30 service during football season.  http://www.mt-ararat.org/
This church seems to have it all, great preaching, amazing choir and they seem to be servicing the community in so many wonderful ways. Honestly I can't say enough great things about this church. Love it!
This place does gorgeous updos for $25 apiece. My bridesmaids and I went there on the day of (with no trial run beforehand) and we all had beautiful hair exactly the way we wanted it. The hairdressers are so friendly and attentive and so accommodating in letting 5 of us take over their relatively small shop for 2 hours on a Saturday. I was so happy to find them, and so happy not to pay $60+ a pop for wedding party hair!
Got my hair done in an updo (for only $25!!!!)  yesterday for my wedding.  they did amazing!  they listened to what i wanted and although it took quite a while (i have really long hair) she spent the time to do it right and exactly how i wanted it.  great service!!   The price is not high but the quality is!
Michelle is a godsend; went in for a simple, fuss-less updo and was stunned by the result. She is quite the perfectionist, and for $25, her mastery is bizarrely affordable. Forever bookmarked. (Note: street parking can be fairly difficult to find on S. Highland so scour the smaller adjacent streets for a free 2 hours.)
Great for a quick cut.  $22 for extreme attention to detail and excellent finish.
Rosemary is amazing for updos. Only $25 a piece but great attention to detail!
I went in to get a haircut. Never been here before and had no preference as to which beautician did it. The place is fun! Mainly due to no nonsense people that work there. It isn't a glamorous spot like so many other salons in shadyside, but you get experienced people with great sense of humor and down to earth attitude, that above all listen to what you want. I ended up with Michelle, and I loved what she did with my hair! It's perfect! $31 overall for a cut and blow dry. I'll be back!
I had been searching for a reasonably priced drycleaner in the East End for months with no success when I stumbled upon Shadyside Valet. I have had items drycleaned and shirts laundered and pressed for several months now. I have also had a vinyl bag and a skirt repaired. Everything is always done well, and I have never had to wait more than a few days for my items to be finished.  The staff is very friendly, and there is usually never a wait. Everything is reasonably priced-about $6 for a skirt or pants, $11 for a suit, and $8 for a dress. Considering the many over-priced alternatives, I was so happy for find this place! Highly recommend.
This place was a life saver! I got into town late afternoon yesterday and it was pouring. I dropped the dress I was to wear today to a wedding in a huge puddle as I was trying to get stuff out of my car. After talking to them on the phone, they insured me that they could ha e it done by noon today in time for me to wear it. Everyone was busy but so nice to me. And they did a great job with my dress! I am so grateful for their help. It was such an affordable cost too! Recommend this location to anyone in need of an affordable emergency dry clean!
I had great service from these guys, only people in town I could get same day dry cleaning and be able to pick up on Sunday from the Laundry Factory. Going to these people for now on!
I dunno what everyone's negative issues with this place is, been here a few times and it's always been great. Friendly staff, solid service, never been disappointed, don't be detracted by the negative reviews, always been good to me.
These dudes are the best.   Great service, great explanations, and their prices are the best in town for an oil change (though this does mean that for oil changes they're always super busy - because they're awesome!)  Highly recommended over nearly any other automotive care company in the vicinity - I've tried them all. These guys are the best.
I kinda accidentally walked in ten minutes before these guys closed, asking for an oil change.  Oops :/ Like the awesome guys that they are though, they let me know that, while they would do it quickly (like, not check anything else), they would still be okay with doing it.  The guy was super nice about it. After all of this, he took me out to look over everything, was super friendly, and answered all of my questions. They are great.  I will be back if I'm ever in this area when I need anything.
Great service! They fit me into a busy schedule within 2 hours of calling and fixed my flat tire for a great price. I will definitely use Midas again after my experience with them.
My Monday Morning Heroes! I had a small problem with my truck Monday morning and I went to Midas because a friend had recommended them.   The guys there work fast and couldn't have been more friendly! They also keep that garage very clean, which is something I check for if someone is doing work for me.  Great experience overall.
I am new to the area, and was referred to motheral apartments by a friend who currently goes to school in pittsburgh and leases from motheral. I just has a tour of a few places and The leasing agent patty was fantastic, very knowledgeable about the spaces and about the area in general. Apartments were great , very well maintained and a convenient location. Shadyside wasn't really on my radar of places to live, but after this experience it looks like I will be calling shadyside home for a few years !
Some of the best Pizza around and great service.   I friend turned me on to Pizza Parma few weeks back, and we have ordered from there a few times.  The pizza is always hot and delivered quickly.  I have not had any problems with the pizza being too greasy.  Huge menu and great service too.  They actually messed up my deliver order (just a side dish) the other day, and before I even knew it someone brought the right item back to my house.  Unbelievable service.
Great Hoagies!   I always get the Steak Deluxe hoagie and my wife gets the Italian Deluxe and then we give each other half of the other ones hoagie because we can never decide on with one to get.
Good food
I randomly selected this place from my insurance's list of providers for an exam and new glasses. I'm glad I didn't read the lone one-star review on here before I made the appointment. It took about ten minutes after I showed up to be seen. All of the women there were very courteous and the one who helped me pick out frames was just awesome. The doctor who gave me my exam was also super polite and personable, and seemed much more knowledgeable than my last eye doctor. The on-street parking can be tricky, depending on when you go, but this was definitely a positive experience and deserving of a five-star review.
The last time I was here must have been an off day (my previous review gave this place one star) My appt was at 9am I was home by 9:30. The receptionist was very nice as well as the Doctor. I was in and out so fast. I've been going to this doctor since I was a kid and I'll continue to go.
I enjoyed my appointment here and would definitely recommend this office. The staff and the optometrist were incredibly friendly and efficient. Their excellent care was in spite of the fact that, the evening before my appointment, they'd had a break-in, and were still cleaning up broken glass just a couple hours before I came in! I was in and out within just 30 minutes for my eye exam.
Believe it or not, this whole foods is actually one of the most successful ones. the location is strange, but it's pretty central for most of the yuppier areas of pittsburgh, and it's the only one in the pittsburgh area. Just for that, they get 5 stars.
This place is a God-sent for a California girl like me. And kudos to them for not being "afraid" of East Liberty.  Prices are important, but I care more about what I put in my body. So I get my special needs stuff here, and my basics elsewhere. I can't ding them for costs because you pay for quality. But if cheap costing food matters more than lard, transfats, or hormones found within it, you can always just shop at that other store down the street....  There's a nice sized cafe area, and plenty of space for bikers to park. Cheers to them for friendly & knowledgeable staff and customer discounts for bringing your own bags.  True, the parking lot is a mess, but I attribute that more to: a) People not knowing how to drive. Because you CAN drive to the back of the parking lot, park, and get inside in half the time it takes to sit in line like a moron who doesn't understand how to drive AROUND a car waiting to park.... and b) Pittsburgh's lack of urban planning... because it makes sooooo much sense to put an entering & exiting driveway 25 feet away from a three-way intersection on a two lane street. Beautiful.
I recently visited Whole Foods for the first time in my life, and I was pleasantly surprised.  I was particularly shocked by the prices--not because they're worthy of the "Whole Paycheck" nickname, but because they're surprisingly low.  Perhaps the nickname was developed by people who'd previously only shopped at cheap-o supermarkets.  I like the well-stocked salad bar and dining area, and so does the rest of Pittsburgh, apparently.  Half the city was assembling salads during my last visit.  Vegan items are clearly marked as such, and everything is fresh.
AH!  I am never shopping anywhere else for groceries ever again (except if I want like ketchup and bologna and stuff-- then I'll have to go to giant eagle.)  But, after coming from the middle of nowhere midwest, I cannot tell you how good it feels to see cheese and meat in the grocery store that I actually want to eat.    AH!
I used to think that Whole Foods was too expensive and only for vegetarians. Boy was I wrong! I freaking love this place. They have everything from fresh meats, cheeses, fruits, produce and so much more. Their cakes and other deserts are utterly amazing.   This is also where I fell in love with Naked Juices. They are delicious.  The only thing I don't like is that parking is a bitch at times.
This place gets five stars as it really is the only place in Pittsburgh that I can get the same veggie selection that I can out in Seattle.  Without this whole foods I would be an unhappy camper...  I am specifically talking about the magic that is Field Roast vegan grain 'meat'.    Yes, it is generally more expensive but what do you expect?  They are a specialty store.  They have a great deli and an outstanding selection of baked goods.    It is an oasis for someone like me.
Yes I am a fan and yes I am Shadyside yuppie. Judge me if you want.  I love everything about WF and it is my go-to grocery store. I try not to give my business to GE. WF's hot bar has fed me many many dinners, in exchange for money of course. However, that is what I call money well spent. I agree with the other reviewers that the parking lot can be a little crazy, but I live around here, and it's the norm. I am just glad that there is a huge double decker parking lot. Also, you can always park farther away and not have to deal with the mess. It's good for health! The produce is fresh and for regular grocery you have a wide variety of healthy choices. The cherry on top is that the staff is always friendly, super helpful and happy!
Forget you Giant Eagle, Giggle, Market Crap etc.  Whole foods gets a bad rap as being "expensive" and yes I agree there are some very ridiculously expensive things in there, but this is where you IGNORE them and get your basic essentials.  They are always running specials, and you can get some good deals.  If you actually try to price compare between GE and whole foods, you'll find that whole foods is actually cheaper, and the only reason you don't shop there is because people will feed you into thinking you'll spend your "whole paycheck" there.  What crap.  Write a list, prioritize and buy the things that are sale.  Whole foods has a much better selection (freshness wise) in produce, meats, and cheese across the board.  Yes you can find some great stuff in the strip, but you will also find some reasonable items here.  Over the summer I went on a scavenger hunt for clams, Wholeys/GE were both gross and overpriced! Whole foods has fresh clams and they were much cheaper than the other two locations!  Try it out, you won't be sorry.
Now with two new bee hives along the rail line as of July 2012 managed by burgh bees of Pittsburgh
I love shopping here. The staff is really nice, no attitudes. Even the other shoppers are kind. It's always nice. Thanks to everyone for making Whole Foods a nice shopping experience.
Whole foods!! What a great idea. Foods that are natural and organic and wholesome to bet. This store offers a lot of brands and varieties of food. More than the national brands.   I love how when you first walk in the store, your automatically thrown into the produce section no questioned asked. The store is practically laid out to help you make the best food purchasing options available.  They have more organic foods than any other store i've seen. Everything looks so fresh and plentiful. They also have conventional (non-organic) items that are usually shipped locally and not from across the country. Tons of options from Bok Choy to avocados to seasonal fruits. They have a fresh seafood counter and a meat counter with ratings on the meat from one to five. There is also a deli counter with fresh pasta salads and side dishes made in store.   I recently started a gluten free diet and this store meets all my needs from bread, buns, cereal, crackers, basically all the common wheat products. I've substituted out a lot of wheat products like flour and instead use rice flour, regular milk for almond milk, things like that.  My favorite part of the store is there hot foods and salad bar. They make all their dishes in the store and sell them for $8.49lb. The hot dishes are amazingly good. The last time i went i had green beans with red peppers, cajun sweet potato wedges, sauteed mushrooms, curry tofu and purple cabbage. Man was it delicious!!!! Plus the salad bar has over 40 options to put on top of the salad!. With so many choices including the bakery, how can you miss out on this great place. It caters to average diets and changing diets too!!!
Not counting price I like this store and the service.  My favorite, a fellow I call Scotsman the meat counter man. I don't know if this gentleman is from Scotland or not, but his language reminds me of one I know. But the key distinguishing factor for him is his superb service and great attitude. He is just  short of your personal butcher. He takes his time with you, and he does not rush you on. Listens, gives advice and is extremely helpful. When necessary he will look in the back to satisfy your request . He alone could keep me coming back. Oh, and also the meat counter is excellent overall. Great selection,  and good cuts. What else, well the cheese section is outstanding, the prepared foods are plentiful and tasty. I like the baked goods also. Another nice feature is you can eat right there, which I do sometimes so I don't food shop when starving, which always costs me more somehow.
This is where we do all of our grocery shopping. The parking lot does suck so I avoid it and park by Walgreens or up on the top lot. The produce is always great. Seafood is delicious. Best meat in the city- we especially love the made in store sausages.   I love the specialty department and they will let you try the cheese before you buy and everyone is so helpful. We eat from the prepared food department more than I'd like but it is better then ordering take out or chipotle for the second time in one week. Salad bar is good- though watch out for undercooked veggies- raw beets on a salad one too many times and now I avoid them completely. Bakery department is beautiful and when I ordered a sheet cake for a wedding shower everyone raved about it. Floral department will help you put together a beautiful arrangement. Whole body wants all of my money- I try to avoid this department to be honest because I lack self control and always over spend.   Check out can be a hassle if it's really busy but the cashiers are nice and check out pretty quickly. A recent development at this store is the person waiting outside to help you to your car. I don't need help so it's a little weird but I'm sure people with kids love it.
All that I can say is WOWSA!!!!!!!!! This review is long overdue! I will state it outright that I'm very particular about my food, and I've been known to stomp my food like a brat when my heart's set on that vegan tofu burrito from the fresh pack section and it's not available.   A few months ago, when this happened, I sulked at the Prepared Foods counter, and Bethany, prepared foods customer service extraordinaire, flew to my rescue. She suggested the vegan BLT. I was hesitant, as I wanted something hearty and filling, and let me tell you this!... The sandwich totally did her smile and sales pitch justice. It pleased me like no other sandwich has ever done. I want to compliment every sandwich maker in that department, specifically Bethany, Eric, and Rick. They know when I walk in their direction from the Fresh Pack section that I'm looking for my second option of the BLT because the burrito isn't available. No matter how bananas and certifiably insane I might seem during my food shopping excursions, they always treat me with such dignity and respect.  Months have passed since my first BLT experience, and I was completely taken for another ride through satisfaction land during this past week when they offered to notify me "the night before when the vegan tofu burritos are being made" because they know how much I have my heart set on that beautiful meal on most days of the week. I can't say enough for Bethany and her team of prepared foods colleagues.   And everyone else at the store is so helpful and nice, too! So kind! So informative! I love Whole Foods Market of Pittsburgh! AND, for icing on the review cake, they've even begun to carry Brad's Raw Pizza Kale Chips for dogs. So my dog is satisfied, too. And it's her opinion that ultimately matters. ;) Five stars! Thank you!!!!!!!!!
Alright, so I braved this place yesterday (new years eve) and it was totally insane. There was honking, some road rage and confusion. But I will say that I should have known better coming into a grocery store before a major partying holiday.    Anyway, in terms of produce this place is awesome. I got my meat and bacon from this joint and have not been disappointed. I also love their premade hamburgers. They are delish. This is also a great place to find a great assortment of cheeses and grass fed butter ( I go for the kerry gold products, they are just awesome).    Also if you are grilling and dont want to cook too many sides, you can pick up some of their sides from their deli section. I haven't had a bad experience with their food and you can always give everything a taste before having the clerk put it in a container.  This is certainly the place to get specialty items like hemp seeds, chia seeds, and other natural dietary supplements... just beware they are not cheap. Overall, whole foods is not cheap, but if you want quality this is the place to go. Just dont go here on New Year's Eve or Christmas Eve... you'll end up ripping your hair out!!
Great place to eat and shop. Never a dull moment. This place change the face of east Liberty for the better. I was still shop here for all my needs. Love you WFM!!
Awesome place   Great costumer service   Lots of groceries should learn from them   Will come again
My favorite grocery store in Pittsburgh. When I lived with my parents in forest hills it was worth the 15 to 20 minute drive to shop here. Lots and lots of organic produce. Everything you would need to stock your fridge and pantry plus lots of more exotic options too. Much of the produce comes in conventionally farmed and organic options so pay attention to the labels and signs if you're aiming for all organic. It is more expensive to shop here than most grocery stores but you really do get what you pay for.  The bulk section has lots of nuts, seeds, beans and grains. The meat counter looks pretty great with some grass fed and organic options (a bit out of my price range for every day eating but its good to know its there for a special occasion). Their seafood counter is passable (that being said, I worked at Wholey's fish market for a while so I have really high standards when it comes to seafood. Not that Wholeys fish always meets my standards, but I'm used to huge variety and at least a few incredibly fresh options). Much of the seafood is previously frozen because it's out of season or exorbitantly expensive when fresh. I honestly can't believe people who shop at whole foods have any interest in irresponsibly farmed fish like tilapia and Chilean Atlantic salmon but they carry it nonetheless.  Staff are friendly but can't always answer what you might think is a simple question. As in the bulk foods guy probably knows everything about the bulk foods but literally has no clue where you can find horseradish. Salad bar and hot foods are good and seam fresh. The sushi is passable if you're really in the mood for quick sushi. There's not a very big baked good section and I've never tried what they do have but my dad likes their cookies.  I usually bike there now, but when I used to drive the parking lot was sort of a mess. Just be prepared to walk from the far end (I'm sure you'll all survive).  Lines at the registers can be long but seem to move fast. People complain so much about how crazy busy this place is, but they have obviously just never been to the whole foods in Columbus circle NYC.
I found out the caterpillar in the romaine bag. Eww it climbed up on my arm. Goosebumps :( BUT at least it can be the proof of "organic" besides the bug was green!!!! So healthy !
Meatless Monday is a great way to raise awareness about vegetarian or vegan diet, which also happens to be the least arduous way to reduce your carbon footprint, save water, prevent ecological pollution, and reduce deforestation, because it requires so much energy to raise animals for food. When we can simply, and deliciously, I might add eat what they eat. 1 pound of ground beef requires 550 gallons of water. I was there on Monday and I had a really good feature dish, with pink rice from Madagascar and tofu, marinated in a ginger orange dressing (delicious) served with kale, carrots, pumpkin seeds, red & green onions, and a coconut yogurt dressing. The young chef was very nice and knowledgeable, and quite comfortable, talking while making my dinner. I paid for it, blessed it, thanked all who made it possible, ate, and it was awesome!  I went back to thank and compliment the chef. He seemed grateful. Then I got a few groceries I needed and left. Thanks to cool chef, and Whole Foods team! I'll be back soon enough!
This location has the nicest staff I have ever experienced when dealing with a Whole Foods. When a product was out they made suggestions and then explained what were key differences and key similarities from the one they were suggesting to the one I usually get. When my iPhone died they were nice enough to find a charger to fit my phone and when they couldn't find one, they put my stuff n the cooler while I went to Walgreens to get a new one. All in all if I need more Kombucha I will definitely be coming to this location again!
I stopped here for some quick supplies after arriving to Pittsburgh from out of state.  I was able to quickly find what I needed and leave in a timely manner which is what I was looking for.  On my way out I was talking to a very friendly cashier and bagger as I was looking for something to eat while I was in town.  They were quick to recommend a place down the road.  Thank you for being so friendly and helpful to this "Out of towner."
Love Whole Foods!  Aldi, as well as Sav-A-Lot, are really budget line grocery stores. Market District replaced the older Giant Eagle at Centre Av location as competition when W F first opened in Pittsburgh.   Whole Foods Market does not carry any items with 'partially hydrogenated oils', for instance. It's upscale for quality products. If you're watching your budget,  then look for sales, their own 365 brand, and take a little longer time to shop there. You will do fine. Part of the Whole Foods  experience is fun shopping, and the team members are friendly and sweet. My favorite Whole Foods is 57Ave & Sunset in Miami,  Fla. The Wexford store is definitely higher priced in Pittsburgh area. Looking forward to the Grand Opening at South Hills!!  Scheduled opening towards end of 2016.
I love the scale of this store! More compact than other WFs' locations -- and I like that. Has just what I came for: a tasty rotisserie chicken to go, some cookies, pasta, sauce, cheese.   Benefit of Sunday shopping? Free OSP closer than parking garage. Lots of people, too. Again, I like that.
Always a pleasant Saturday trip to Whole Foods, make the investment in your own body and eat organic and drink plenty of water (I aim for 1 gallon daily).   This location, as countless other posters have mentioned, is stuck with a tiny parking lot which makes for congestion and Frogger-esque pedestrians. There is a Starbucks across the way which is nice to have while shopping. The store typically has some displays out front of fresh herbs, fruit or flowers. Upon entering bins of conventional and organic fruit are laid out next to a wall of fresh vegetables, mushrooms and herbs. I would like it to see clearer labeling of what is organic versus conventional however.   Moving past the produce area is the fish monger displaying fresh tilapia, catfish, cod, sea bass and more. There are a few seafood based soups as well. All fantastic quality. Past the seafood offerings you will come to the meat department. There is a nice section of grass-fed beef which I definitely recommend (typically $9.99/lb for ground beef).   The rest of the store offers plenty of organic selections as you would imagine as well as providing a high-alkaline water fill station, an assortment of domestic and international cheeses and a fresh hot foods section. Also included are the deli and bakery.   Great fun stop for your weekend grocery shopping, Whole Foods is an investment in your own body and health!
This place is thee coolest! Looking to rent a tiki stand? Done! Need a 50's style diner set. They have it! Want a life-size Broadway sign? You're in the money here!  Anything and everything you can think of to rent is right at your disposal here. I was in love the moment I stepped into the place. And guess what? You can even rent it out for an event! So that unique wedding venue... it is here! Who wouldn't want to party among Bourbon Street in the comfort of East Liberty?   Holds up to 150 and around 90 seated. Only drawbacks are you must use valet, as there's really no parking around the area. You aren't able to bring in your own catering, but you can use one of five companies they suggest. Which is honestly better than only having one to choose from.   So if you find yourself in need of a unique venue in Pittsburgh, look no further!
This.is.so.awesome!  Do you need a lounge set-up?  A giant 007 sign?  A large giraffe?  Go to the Prop Shop.  They have just about anything you can think of available to rent AND you can also rent the space.  The owner was telling us that a couple had a rehearsal dinner (or possibly reception) here and each area had a different theme.  Sushi amongst geisha props, antipasto platters in the Italy area, etc.  That's just one of the things that has been done with the space.  While they do have exclusive caterers, they have many for you to pick from.  There are also valet services available (the parking is....so-so), so holding an event for up to 150 will go off without a hitch.  I'm not sure when I'll need that giant giraffe, but if I do, I know exactly where to go.
Great experience! We hired the Prop Shop for a business dinner function in Salamanca, New York. The Prop Shop team traveled from Pittsburgh to set up and tear down our function in the same day, they did a great job. Our group enjoyed the pool tables, foosball, air hockey, monster basketball and chic seating arrangements. Everyone felt like a kid again. Great activity for business and families alike. Professional and friendly staff!
So the whole reason why I chose this Aamco was because it was a short walk from my apartment in Shadyside and I could easily leave my car there and walk home without having to bum a ride from my roommate.  All I needed was an oil change and my PA state inspection and it turned out to be a pretty painless experience.  I just dropped off my car in the morning and picked it up in the afternoon.  It's hard to find a decent mechanic and Larry and his team seem like people who will take good care of you.  I'll be back there for sure.
I was incredibly nervous about taking my car to a major chain as I've heard and read many mixed reviews about numerous locations. My experience at this Aamco was fantastic though!  Larry was incredibly kind and helpful in explaining what was wrong with my transmission, and when it came time to fix it, he ended up charging me the originally estimated cost even though he needed to do a little extra work.   Can't recommend this place enough!
I have taken my car here now for seven months (two cars really).  From routine maintainence to identifying a problem they have only shown me the best service.   They always present me with good and complete information and are honest and trustworthy.   The last time I was in they saw the problem right away and since it was a 30 second fix they didn't charge me.    I can't recommend these guys enough.  The best mechanic I have had experiences with in my adult life!
I've taken my car to Larry, aka Aamco, the first time because my brakes had been squeaking for months. Asked Larry to change my brake pads and he said. "No." He said there was still 80% wear left on them. He said just bring them back in a year or so when they need changing while explaining the squeaking was due to a lower quality material aftermarket pad that my guy in San Diego had installed. Stand up guy. Stand up service.   Now it's been a year, so I'm taking my car in to actually get it worked on with confidence.
I took my car here for the state inspection. I mean, there's really not much to rate here - they gave me a sticker, didn't try to sell me anything (my car is like a year old, anyways) and the price was as advertised. They gave me a ride to work, and were quite friendly.  I'll most likely come back for my future inspection needs, and, if I have a car out of warranty, certainly give them a try for mechanical issues.
So I had to take my car to get inspected in order to register my car here in PA and ended up taking it to this place.  I called in advance, the day of and they were able to fit me in since I needed to get this done ASAP. Anyway, I drop the car off in the AM and walk over to the closest Starbucks (its like 3 blocks away) so that I can get my work done, as they don't have WIFI.  After 3 hours or so, Larry calls me and lets me know that my car was ready. Fortunately, my car didn't need any work so I was a happy gal. The inspections that they did were about $67 or so, which was pretty average as I had taken my husband to get the same thing done elsewhere. At any rate, the people here were very friendly and professional, they didn't try to sell me anything that was not necessary, which I tend to encounter a fair bit.  Highly recommend.
I needed an oil change and general safety inspection, but I was having trouble finding a place with decent reviews that took appointments and had weekend hours. I called this AAMCO and the guy said that they usually only do transmission work on the weekend, so their mechanics/general tech guys aren't in. However, he offered to schedule me for a Saturday morning appointment as he was going to be in that weekend anyway. I was happy to accept his offer and the actual appointment went very well. The man I spoke with and who worked on my car is very personable and accommodating, and the maintenance he performed on my car was done well and priced fairly. I don't know if they will always be able to accommodate my schedule, but my experience thus far is that they are at least willing to try.
I have a very, very rudimentary base of knowledge when it comes to cars. Mechanics probably pick up this scent within seconds of me walking in the door. So when it came time to get the oil changed in my new-to-me 2010 Honda Civic, I turned to Yelp to help find a place with a solid rating. As far as oil-changing joints go, this AAMCO location stood out among others in the East End. Here's why it gets a high rating in my book...  I called two days ahead of time to schedule. They could take me early Friday morning-- the sooner the better. Well, I was out late celebrating a birthday the night prior and overslept. I called back to reschedule for another day, but they were able to squeeze me in in the afternoon. I went in thinking I was going to be dropping $80 for synthetic oil, but Brian, the shop manager and co-owner is a Honda guy himself and said regular oil would work just fine. I asked him if he could check out the condition of my brakes and tires. Instead of doing a quick visual, he took the tires off to check. Moreover, he rotated them, so my best tires are up front, where they should be. All told, the bill came to under $40 and I was in and out in under an hour.  Along with his business partner, Jim, Brian took over the AAMCO in the latter half of 2014 and he officially became a co-owner on 1 December. He has years of experience working on cars, first as a hobby, and then after a long time in the restaurant business, as an employed mechanic. The customer service was great. I was greeted promptly and with a handshake. After returning to pick up my car, Brian and I spoke for about 10 minutes after the shop had closed for the day. He has plans to renovate the shop to make it better for both his customers and employees, as well as to offer deals through social media.  I'll need tires soon and brake job down the line-- I'll be returning to AAMCO for both. It was great walking away not only with the feeling that I didn't get screwed this time around, but that I have a reliable, knowledgeable place where I can go for any mechanical issues. Bottom line: can't recommend this place highly enough.
Best Mechanic Shop Ever!  Pros: Brian has amazing customer service skills. He calls you once the car is opened up and then like a surgeon diagnosis the problem with honesty and some truth. What I mean is he says 'I believe with 96% probability that ____so_and_so_is_the_issue___  with your car. I really like the honesty and trust he conveys when discussing the diagnosis. Just like with humans, Doctors are unable to always predict with 100% certainty that a person has a specific disease and Brian says it how it is as well. It brings the conversation down to Earth and I haven't had that type of service at a mechanics shop especially in a large city.   After fixing the car he actually brings out the old part and explains everything they did to fix the car. He goes into detail in layman terms and it reassures you as the customer in the care and trust they take to fix your car.    Cons: Even for basic service it often takes +3 days to do.
I just got back from getting my oil changed here. Brian, one of the new co-owners, could not have been nicer and more polite both on the phone and in person. I called a lot of places trying to make an appointment, and was turned down pretty rudely until I finally called Aamco and spoke to Brian. He got me in the next day (which everyone who works a 9-5 during the weekdays will be happy to hear was actually a Saturday--they're open Saturday mornings!) and I was in and out with little issue and reasonable prices. Brian was there to meet me when I got there, and also fixed a loose splash guard next to my front wheel free of charge. I will definitely be going to Aamco for my future car needs.   P.S. If you're the type that doesn't really like just hanging out in the garage while you wait for them to finish with your car, Aamco is pretty conveniently located just off Baum, behind the AAA building, so you can leave, walk around, shop for some groceries across the street, or grab a coffee at Starbucks while you wait.
I've been going to see Larry at Aamco for years and was always pleased with the timing and results. Larry retired in December and now Brian is a co-owner with Jim. Both are incredibly nice and accommodating. Recently I had to get my annual inspection but was in the middle of getting a temp registration because I lost the original and was supposed to get it later that day. Brian said he'd be able to do everything except the emissions test and when I get the temp to bring it over and he'll finish it up. He could have easily told me to make another appointment when I have all the correct documentation but didn't. After I got them the temp registration and they finished the inspections, I thanked them and apologized for everything and Brian said, "well we strongly believe that if you're good to your customers they'll be good right back to you." So this is my first yelp review, something which I never thought I'd participate in, but these guys deserve it.
I own an hvac company. My truck is my life-line!!!!! lost forward drive. Called Brian and talked about repairing the truck asap. He told me to get it into the shop as soon as I could. I had it towed over and he got right on it. Had the transmission out and replaced within a couple days. He could have charged me anything, I was at his mercy. Quoted me a very fair price!!!!! Picked up the truck and it runs GREAT!!!! Would use him again and again. Can't speak highly enough about the way he does business. Its good to see honest hard working people. THANK YOU!!!!!!
I do not usually write reviews unless I am upset, but this Aamco is the exception.  I brought my car in for the state inspection after a bad experience at another shop.  The new owner was extremely accommodating, personable, and honest.  After an hour, he told me my car was fine and offered guidance on future maintenance my car would require, but did not try to push it on me as it was not necessary at the time.  I was in a hurry so I opted to decline, but this Aamco will definitely be getting the work when it is time for it, though.
I was very impressed by the professionalism and expertise of the whole team at AAMCO Transmissions.  Not only they treat their customers very well but they are highly skilled.  I went to see AAMCO Transmissions after visiting three other car mechanics about one problem with my car; a loud vibrating noise starting at speeds above 50mph.  The results from the visits at other automotive shops ranged from offering to charge me for standard safety checks that may or may not be related to the actual problem, to actually proceeding to unnecessary part replacement, to complete misdiagnosis of the problem at the transmission level.  In sharp contrast, AAMCO offered to diagnose the car for free, including the transmission, found the actual problem - a part under the hood was slightly loose and would start flapping when too much air would get under - and fixed it for free.  When this was done, one of the franchise owners - Brian - drove the car with me to make sure the problem was solved.  In addition to fixing your problems, these guys are also very friendly and professional.  I only wish all car mechanics would have this type of work ethics.
These guys are some of the friendliest, most professional folks I've ever had the pleasure of taking my car to. I had an emergency tire leak, and based on a friend's recommendation, I gave them a call first thing in the morning. They told me to bring it in that morning, so I did and by the next day they had the same brand of tire to replace it, and fixed it the next morning. They will certainly be getting my business in the future.  In summary, fast, excellent, professional, and friendly service made this a go-to place for my future car troubles. I'm glad to have found some trustworthy mechanics in my area--I think we would all agree they are worth their weight in gold.
I've had nothing but a five-star experience each time I've taken my car in since writing a review a year-and-a-half ago. I've had a brake job, a battery change, a tire change and numerous oil changes. AAMCO continues to do quality work while being up front, affordable and easy to do business with. Can't recommend this shop highly enough and have done so with friends and coworkers.
This management team is stellar.  From reception to management there is always a friendly person available during business hours.  They pick up your mail when you're out of town and deliver UPS/FedEx packages during the day when you're not there to sign for it.  Any time there is a maintenance issue someone will come by the day of or next day and fix the problem, even if I'm not available to be there.  I had to move out recently due to a relocation to another city, and I wish I could find a company like Franklin West here.  They sent my security deposit refund quickly and set the bar really high for my future renting endeavors.
Ed and Lynn are decent people with a fine revolving relationship with some excellent coaches and pros. They hold clinics and host leagues and have been a vital part of the winter tennis community. If it's raining or cold, or if you want to play doubles, this is the place to go. The courts play fast, they are relatively well heated and aerated and the lighting and upkeep has been better than good. Court fees are slightly high, but if you're an addict, it's worth it. Coach Dave Bender who runs clinics and classes there is especially good at his job.
Pittsburgh Indoor Tennis Club is a great business!  I went to the Monday night clinic with Pro David Bender and it was great.  Nice people, great drills, good mixture of skill, perfect way to ease back into the game!  They have more advanced clinics at well for those of you who can play.  The building is convenient if you live in Shadyside.  Did I mention the clinic is very reasonably priced?! A++
What would Pittsburgh do without Time Bomb.   It is the best store for urban clothing in all of Pittsburgh! Similar to Next in Cleveland and Standard in Atlanta. I have been copping from there for over 10 years! It it located in the Shadyside area of the city bordering East Liberty near Villa, David's Shoes and Ace Athletic.   They offer tons of brands for men and women like Artful Dodger, Cold Chillin, Crooks & Castles, Dime Piece, Evisu, Five Four, G Shock, LRG, Married To The Mob, Play Clothes, Kid Robot, The Year Of and many more. They also carry both local and national mix tapes and also have artist's coming through the store to show love.   If you're ever in Pittsburgh looking for some fresh gear and music make a trip to Time Bomb! Get ya life right! What up Brick?!
TimeBomb is without a doubt the best spot in Pittsburgh to get all the exclusive Raw street merchandise. This is my favorite store in the city not only because of it's selection of merchandise, but for it's uniqueness.   The owner Brick who started the store in '95 I believe is a great guy who always takes care of his loyal customers. I've received free apparel, stickers, DVDs, mixtapes, you name it from Brick. He's a man who knows how to keep his customers coming back!   All in all TimeBomb is the place to shop in Pittsburgh if you're looking to "Get Your Life Right"
Tried and true... Brick is that dude and has been holding it down for Pittsburgh streetwear for a long ass time. Been going there for a decade now. I moved to LA but was recently home and stopped by the new spot in Garfield and it was dope! Collab spot with Daily Bread and Refresh should be a good look for the future of all their brands.
My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh- I had great experiences with their Korean selections like Bi Bim Bop, Chicken Katsu, and Jum Bon. Must try! Great atmosphere, wonderful people, reasonable prices.
I rented an efficiency in their 490 S Highland property for 12 months as a graduate student. The apartment itself was nice and I received prompt email responses from their rental coordinator when I had a question.  Also, they reimbursed my full deposit except for the agreed carpet-cleaning fee.  Overall, very pleasant experience, considering most landlords try to take advantage of student markets.  Only downside was the building was old and occasionally had plumbing problems - water went off a couple times for about a day.  However, overall I would still recommend it.  Can't beat the price for the area, right on several major buslines into town, and was usually pretty quiet.  Also, they accept cats! :)
I first found the Newman Chiropractic Center about 2 years ago when one day, my lower back pain got so severe I could barely walk. I called one or two other Chiropractic offices first and neither could see me that morning or even that same day. Dr. Novak at the Newman Chiropractic Center was able to see me immediately and since that day, I've never even thought about going anywhere else. Whenever I need an adjustment, I simply call ahead and let them know I'll be stopping in; they are extremely flexible and understanding of my busy schedule.  I look forward to visiting the office for an adjustment because I know that when I leave, I will feel amazing. The office itself is not as posh as you might find other places in Shady Side but it's welcoming, comfortable, and certainly gets the job done.   I have and will continue to highly recommend Dr. Novak to anyone who is need of Chiropractic care.
Best chiropractic center I been to others Dr Novak and staff are the best in the Pittsburgh area they are concerned and problems always taken care of excellent adjustments  I always feel better after I leave there
Dr Martin Novak and the staff at Newman Chiropractic Center are absolutely the best!! They are always so friendly and can accommodate my schedule! There is never a long wait. Dr Novak did a great job developing a care plan to suit my needs. After a few visits I was pain free! I continue to go back to maintain my spine health. Great office and great staff! Dr Novak is Pittsburgh's best Chiropractor!
i love dr. novak....... come in barely able to move and almost ready to cry, he's been doing this so long he knows what to touch just from my description of the pain. i'm a 6ft tall man and he adjusts me with ease, no other chiropractor i have been to between the states of georgia and pennsylvania have been able to not only diagnose the source of the pain based on a description (only), but correct the problem on the first adjustment, not second or third try......which can really begin to hurt after a few tries.......dr. martin novak gets it done in one shot!!!     go now....... thank me later......
As the reviews of Casbah appear to be particularly long-winded ... the place is nice, fancy, organic-ish, alternating menu, nice atmosphere. Good date restaurant. Good food-lovers restaurant.
I went to Casbah for brunch, it's a $22 prix-fix, which includes an alcoholic bev, an appetizer and an entree. They use amazingly fresh and yummy fruits and veggies. I had the house made granola which was just amazing! Toasty and sweet, it was nothing like the granola you get out of a box. Also, while the food is totally fru-fru (in only the best way :) and it's a pricey brunch, you get a lot a food. After the great pastry basket, my appetizer, a Bellini and a cup of coffee, I had two bites of my omelette and took the rest in a doggy bag ("the rest" included fruit salad, potatoes, and a croissant!)  My only complaint would be how long everything took. While I love a leisurely meal, an hour and a half for brunch seemed a bit excessive. I go into brunch groggy, then I have coffee and yummy food, and I'm totally amped, ready to face the day! And then I get to sit. And wait. Anyway, it's totally not a big deal, now I'll know to make time the next time I go. Which is for dinner for a friends birthday. So excited!!
I was pleased to finally find a place in Pittsburgh that's worth it for me to spend some money. I tire of eating out only to become dissatisfied knowing I could have made the meal better myself. Not here.  The food is made to order, seasonal, local, some organic...in short, they actually care about the quality of the food which is becoming a rare trait in restaurants today. I had made it a point to never eat fish in a Pittsburgh restaurant but Casbah changed my mind. The cod dish I had was delicious--not overcooked, breaded, too oily or too salty!   Decor is subtle and great for a date. Service was friendly and accommodating.  I will most definitely return!
Great great for parties and celebrations of all kinds.  The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable of the menu and the wine list.  The Food is creative and many of the items are organic or locally grown.  Everything is so fresh and pretty, you almost don't want to eat it.  The wine list is extensive, and although it can be pricey, they have great happy hour specials.
This is my favorite Big Burrito restaurant and definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the country.   Gotta be honest, though. Just about every time I'd been here, it's with colleagues, which means lots and lots of boozing!! Therefore, consequently, as a result, in sum, I don't have a crystal clear memory of what I had for appetizer, entree, dessert, etc.   What I can tell you is that I had never been disappointed with anything I've ordered here. And believe you me, if the food is not that good, I will remember it no matter how drunk I am. Sure, it's not exactly a "Mediterranean" restaurant, but who cares? The food is great, it's in a super cute hood, the atmosphere is cozy and comfy, and the service is always spot on.   I do recall that the very last time I ate here was with a dear friend and two of her British colleagues, and we had ourselves a grand ol' time. I had the arugula --one of my favorite words. It's lovely, no? Say it with me. A -ru-gu-la! Fun, right?!! And so flavorful!! --salad and cioppino, which was outstanding with super freshy fresh ingredients. What about dessert, you ask? Sorry, kids. By that time I really was drunk, and I can't remember. It was super tasty, though! I remember everyone liking mine the best. Sure do, sugar!  So pay no mind to others' taxonomy quip and give this place a whirl. It's a great date or small group place. Oh, and super fantastic wine list, too!
Excellent place for brunch.  For $22, I had a mimosa; cheese, fruit, and baguette slices; a waffle with berries and whipped cream; two pieces of bacon; and a muffin, scone, and biscuit with honey butter from the bread basket.  Service was pretty good even though the restaurant was fairly busy.  Reservations available through Open Table.  This is definitely a special occasion brunch, but it is surprisingly affordable.
One of my all time favorite restaurants in Pgh, Casbah is still going strong 15 years later. Today's lunch was a wonderful mac and cheese with braised lamb; my dining companion enjoyed the corn risotto with shitake mushrooms and a side heirloom tomato salad. They use the best fresh local ingredients to craft some of the most delectable, interesting fresh food around.  Also great for Sunday brunch.  You won't be disappointed.
Excellent excellent brunch spot.  For review #100, a 5 star review for a 5 star restaurant is definitely fitting.  Casbah does brunch, lunch and dinner, but brunch is my favorite meal and also what they do best.  I ordered their prixe fixe brunch option which is a choice of an appetizer, brunch dish, and drink for $22.  I started off with smoked salmon and had the waitress recommended braised lamb and eggs as an entree and a mimosa to drink.  My companion ordered butternut squash & apple cider soup, wild mushroom omelet, and a glass of fresh orange juice.  While waiting for our food, we munched on their complimentary pastry basket consisting of super moist mini-muffins, scones, and super rich and buttery biscuits with honey butter.  The smoked salmon came with capers, minced red onion, crumbled egg, a drizzle of aioli, and a beautiful fried potato cake.  There was just the perfect amount of everything on the dish; the potato cake was just big enough to balance out the saltiness of the smoked salmon and the capers of course paired beautifully with the smoked salmon.  I tried some of the butternut squash & apple cider soup and it had some a pretty complex flavor.  My entree reminded me of an eggs benedict with a twist: grilled  sourdough topped with spinach, braised lamb shoulder and two poached eggs.  I love braised meats because braising can do such wonders to tougher cuts.  The braised lamb shoulder was flavorful, tender, and super rich.  The best part about poached eggs is sopping up the extra yolk with bread and it just tasted better with the sauce of the lamb soaking into the sourdough to soften it up a bit.  This dish itself is enough to make me a regular.  I tried my companion's home fries which came with this slightly spicy ketchup (I think it's house-made) and also a piece of her omelet which was pretty good too.  Service was good, ambiance was good, portions were big, quality was excellent, AND they take reservations.  Sometimes I don't mind waiting the half hour it takes to get seats at some restaurants (Point Brugge, Coca Cafe, etc.), but most times I'd rather spend time with people in the restaurant at a table rather than waiting outside, especially now with winter approaching.
Such a pleasure to dine, on my birthday, at a restaurant with such good food and cocktails right in Shadyside. We planned in advance to come here after I received Big Burrito's free-entree birthday voucher** and after  coming here to sample dessert and drinks. The food--short rib ravioli, lamb and polenta, pumpkin cake with ice cream and toffee--was insanely rich and tasty and decadent, perfect for a celebratory meal. Our server made some clutch drink recommendations too. My favorite: the local martini, all made with locally-sourced ingredients and ridiculously good chevre-stuffed olives. Almost like a cocktail and small plate in one.  After reading everyone else's reviews, I hope to come back here next for brunch.  **to take Big Burrito up on this offer, join their mailing list decently before your birthday, and a voucher will come in the mail! It was a blissful discovery for a pair of graduate students.
I'm a big fan of all the Big Burrito restaurants I've tried (Eleven, Umi, Mad Mex & Casbah). I think Eleven is my favorite, but Casbah is a very close second.   My most recent trip was with my wife on 1/15/10. We started with the grilled flat bread and the butternut squash ravioli. For entrees, I had the Casbah twice cut pork chop and my wife had a pasta dish with sausage and ricotta. For dessert, I had the creme brulee and my wife had the espresso ice cream / cookie (it was really just a fancy chipwich).   The grilled flat bread came with three different dips, Humus, Red Pepper Hummus, and Baba Ganoush. I really enjoyed all three, but thought the Red Pepper Hummus stood out as the best, although if you're not a fan of garlic you may disagree. The butternut squash ravioli didn't impress me much, but my wife really liked it.   As far as the entrees, we both really enjoyed our meals. My pork chop was cooked perfectly, and was anything but dry. The sage aioli that it was topped with added an excellent flavor. The sides were kale, and butternut squash risotto, both of which really shined. I can't describe how amazing the risotto was, and the kale was extremely flavorful.   I tried my wife's pasta dish, and overall I thought it was good, but the sausage was really outstanding. Incredibly tender and flavorful.   Neither of us were too impressed with our desserts. The creme brulee was very good, but at that point, I expected it to be great. My wife's dessert sort of disappointed, since the cookies were dry.   The bill for everything listed above, plus a bottle of red wine (~$35) was $120 before tip, so it is pricey, but in my opinion totally worth it.   Also, our server was very attentive and helpful, without being intrusive. I asked his opinion on the French Malbec and he gave me his honest opinion, which was negative.
One of my favorite restaurants in the world.    Excellent atmosphere, fantastic food, great wine/drinks.  Menu changes up pretty regularly and I've never had a bad dish there.  The stuffed pork loin was one of my favorites.  Also they usually have a summer sangria (even in winter :) that is delicious. The scallops were also fantastic. The front patio/tent is open year round with heat lamps.  Revision:   I was just back at Casbah for a fundraising dinner.  Once a month they do a private dinner for a charity - for $100 there is a five course meal with wine flights.  All proceeds (not just the profits) go to the charity.  My dinner was so good, I literally almost cried.  The wild mushroom risotto was bar far one of the the best things I've ever eaten in my life.  Short rib ravioli was my 3rd favorite thing I ate that evening, but I found myself dreaming of it the next morning!  I had low expectations for dessert - it was a cornbread cake (weird!) but came with a blueberry compote and cream cheese ice cream.  The cornbread cake was an excellent balance between the sweetness of the ice cream and blue berries.  It was amazing!  While I don't believe these are regular menu items, I highlight this because this was their charity dinner.  That they made NO money off of.  An area where they could skim on quality - but no - it was amazing.  Reaffirmed my belief that this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.
My fiance and I like to go to Casbah for special occasions and each time it never disappoints.    The food is great (I highly recommend the Pork Chop and the Short Rib Ravioli), the drinks are wonderful (I am a sucker for good Sangria - and Casbah's is wonderufl) and the service is outstanding (our servers are always friendly, prompt and very knowledgeable).
I had heard from friends that Casbah was one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh, and my experience definitely lived up to the hype.  I don't know how a place owned by a company called Big Burrito Group churns out such outstanding Mediterranean fare, but I was impressed.  Everything was done right--the ambiance was sophisticated yet unpretentious, service was professional, and the wine list was impressive, especially the by-the-glass options, which were necessary since I was dining solo.  The food (I started with grilled Spanish octopus and then had the halibut) was all fresh and prepared to perfection, with inventive flavoring that complimented rather than overwhelmed the dishes themselves.  I'm not in Pittsburgh often--too bad, it is a beautiful city--but I would visit Casbah again without hesitation.
Out of towners that happened to stumble upon this gem. Thanks, Siri. Wow! What a great experience. Fantastic, wine, food and service.
Ate lunch at Casbah for the first time. Tried the Piccolo Gusto: $15 gets you a small choice of salad, a half sandwich and a half portion of a pasta or risotto. Great deal and fantastic food. Argula salad, shodt rib sandwich and wild mishroom/truffle risotto. No need for dinner today!
i have been going to casbah on a regular basis for the past 2 years.the reason for this is that the food is excellent and the service cant be beat. great food ,wine,and service keep me coming back.the chef at casbah always comes thru with any special requests i always have no matter how busy the kitchen is. it makes the dining a great one.thank you chef.the bartenders, and waiters/waitresses are always willing to make your casbah experience be the best it can be
Hard to remember another restaurant that hit home runs from start to finish.  Yinzes say it's pricey but I disagree, the quality is hard to find period.  Very progressive menu but not too wild, products are from near area farms, very knowledgable staff.  And butter served at the right temperature, that's a novel idea!  Just a great experience, can't wait to get back there.
casbah is the last big burrito restaurant i had left to try and i really liked it. i started with the sangria to drink which was delicious, and i'm usually not a huge fan of sweet drinks like that. we split the grilled flatbread app. the dips weren't anything super special, but the bread was thick and flavorful. no complaints. then we both got piccola gusta and split all our items. (the piccola gusta gives you salad or soup, half a sandwich, and half a pasta) between the two of us we had the tomato & basil bisque, arugula salad, crab cake sandwich, salumi sandwich, orecchiette pasta, and ricotta cavatelli. i'm not a big fan of tomato soup, in fact, i never eat it, but i tried the bisque and loved it. it tasted more like a tomato sauce than soup. the arugula salad was great as well. the crab cake sandwich was really small but good, and the salumi sandwich was amazing... probably my favorite part of the meal. both pastas were good, but i personally preferred the orecchiette, the cranberries sealed the deal for me. i love the atmosphere, we sat out on the covered patio, and the service was great as well. i'll definitely be back again, hopefully to try the different brunch and dinner menus!
Casbah is definitely my favorite restaurant in P-burgh; in fact, usually when I go somewhere else I wind up regretting that I didn't just go to Casbah. Every dish I've had has been excellent; some favorites are the sheep's milk gnudi, tuna tartare, arugala salad, bread pudding, and pretty much every soup. The short rib ravioli is a must have although arguably a touch salty. The menu is so inventive!
My wife and I go to Casbah every year for my birthday. It is my favorite of the Big  Burrito restaurants, and they have a birthday deal for $30 off an entree.   This time I started with the Parsnip & Chestnut Soup, garnished with braised chicken, arugula & almond pesto. It was divine, with the rich sweetness for which parsnips are noted. My main course was Elysian Fields Farm Lamb Loin with flageolet beans, merguez sausage, turnips, greens and whole grain mustard. It was cooked perfectly pink, as ordered, and the flavors complemented each other.  For dessert, I skipped my usual chocolate - they offered Chocolate Mousse, Chocolate Cheesecake and Dark Chocolate Raspberry Bread Pudding. I decided to try the Pumpkin Bread with Butter Rum Sauce and Cream Cheese Ice Cream.  The cake was light and tasty and the ice cream and sauce were excellent.
Brunch = best in the burgh.  Hands down.  Best. eggs. ever. I am not even sure how the eggs can be that good.  I know what you are saying, "They are eggs, Jessica.  Get a grip."  No.  I will not.  I cannot.  I want to stand on top of rooftops and shout my love for these eggs all over town.    J, H and I went there a few Sundays ago.  We all got the same thing. When was the last time you went to a meal and all three people ordered the same thing.  It was that good.  The scallop breakfast is out of this world.  2 perfectly cooked scallops, scrambled eggs (the eggs!!!), the creamiest, tastiest grits in the world, buttery croissant and sausage, apples and butternut squash.  Don't think those things go together?  They do and are awesome!  J and I also both got orders of bacon cause no brunch is complete without bacon.    Our service was also great.  Nice hostess, awesome waiter.  All was perfect.    Really freaking good brunch.  Really.  Cannot say enough about those freaking eggs.    Oh, but don't order an additional mimosa from the deal - they are $8 a piece which is a bit steep.
Great food  had a assortment. Of things and all prepared  excellent. The service  very helpful on telling you the menu.   Will go back again
Great menu - lots of choices. There were six of us and we shared 3 appetizers - the grilled chickpea hummus, the grilled octopus, and the mixed olives. The babagonoush hummus was delicious I had a winter fizz drink which was prosecco  with cranberry and mint nice flavor and perfect before dinner drink I had the cioppiano which was one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The sour dough bread was soooooo good. Most everyone else ordered pasta dishes and thought them very good. We opted not to have dessert there but they did bring salted Carmels to the table with the check so if they were any prediction of the desserts they are EXCELLENT. Great place to dine - I will return. And the complimentary valet parking was nice as well - didn't have to search for a place to park and the valet were super nice. I should mention our waitress was also super nice and very accomodating to our larger party.
The food here is amazing. I have to admit the price is a bit high, but it's just worth it. Beware though during dinner times, everyone there dresses up pretty formally. I am not talking about suits and ties, but you know what I mean so make sure you dress up appropriately!
My husband and I went to Casbah on our first date night after having our son. Our plan was to take our time and indulge in everything. After we looked through both the wine selection (outstanding) and the menu (delicious), we decided to do things a little differently. Instead of ordering just two entrees, we wanted to sample as many libations and treats as possible.  First, we ordered the white wine flight, and split a few seafood appetizers; then, we ordered the red wine flight, and split a few meaty appetizers; and, finally, we each ordered a glass of our favorite red and split a chocolate ravioli with raspberry sauce dessert.   Our bill was quite pricey, but I feel totally worth it. Every single thing we drank and ate was delicate, perfect, satisfying, and well balanced. I would go back and spend the money any time!
Brought my wife here for her birthday and we were lucky enough to arrive on the last of three nights of the truffle dinner. I saw it online before I arrived and dismissed it, but our server (Amanda) sold us on it when we got there. In fact, her thorough and enthusiastic descriptions of each course (including each cocktail and cheese) were a highlight of the meal. Sometimes over the top ("people say it's the best meal they have had in their life" and "the chef took this week off so he could enjoy the meal as a customer--and it brought a tear to his eye") but we genuinely loved it.   First, she made excellent suggestions on the cocktail (mimosa) and she helped us decide on the rest of the meal. Her recommendation to split the truffle dinner and add an appetizer was perfect. We left completely satisfied.   The cheese was very good and the accoutrements well-paired. When I saw it on the plate, I didn't think it was very much but it ended up being the perfect amount. I also appreciated that they kept the bread coming, especially for the next course: a homemade pasta with pancetta, arugula and
Oh I love this place.  It has a great menu and wine list.  It has all the great dishes with a touch of flare.  I took this meal to seafood town from start to finish and have no regrets.  The staff was really friendly - realized I was there for a special occasion and brought out a desert that said congratulations - the little things.  We dined outside and I felt tucked away in a Europe-esque atmosphere for a few hours.  It is worth reserving a spot on the patio to get the full experience.
Sunday brunched here. Food and service were excellent.
Casbah has one of the most consistent kitchens in Pittsburgh. The menu only changes slightly from time to time, but it's always full of great options and the quality and preparation of the food is always top notch. The service doesn't disappoint either. I'm always amazed that they can nail it (food and service) every single time without fail. The bar area is a great place for drinks or dinner as well. Fiona behind the bar is always welcoming and fun and is perhaps one of the best bartenders in the city. It's also one of only a handful of good restaurants in the city that is open on Sundays. Now if only they would replace the swivel bar stools that are bolted to the ground and make it challenging for some (especially smaller women) to dine while sitting at the bar or for couples to sit as close to one another as they'd prefer.
Very enjoyable menu n staff.
I stopped by here this past Tuesday night for dinner by myself.  It had been a couple of years since I had last been to Casbah and while I remembered it being decent, it differed a bit from my fiance's opinion that this was the best of the Big Burrito restaurants.  Due to that it had been on my list of restaurants to visit so that I could get a better opinion of it.  The restaurant looked the same that I remembered it with a large outdoor seating area and a smaller one inside with the bar on one side of the restaurant and the dining room on the other.  It was all nicely and tastefully decorated.  I arrived shortly after 5 PM and immediately made my way into the bar area of the restaurant as I hate taking up a table if I am eating by myself.  There was no one else at the bar at this point and the bartender quickly greeted me and gave me a happy hour menu while explaining it to me.  I had not been planning on getting a drink but one of the $6 cocktails caught my eye and I ended up ordering it.  The bartender was pretty friendly guy and explained how he came up with the drink while he made the drink and we chatted for a bit.  For my entrée I decided to order the Long Island Duck which was a roasted breast, braised leg, gnocchi, spinach, rosemary, black mission figs and duck jus.  Whenever I had ordered it I had actually missed the fact that it came with a braised leg and was excited to see that extra unexpected portion of meat on my plate whenever it was delivered to me.  The whole meal ended up being incredibly tasty with the duck breast being cooked perfectly with nice seasoning and not greasy at all.  This was in stark contrast to the leg which was incredibly juicy and greasy which I absolutely loved.  Normally I am not a fan of greasier duck but the two preparations really helped to enhance the other.  Finally the figs provided a nice touch of sweetness while the gnocchi was pillow like and tasty.  It was also nice to be able to taste a hint of rosemary on them which I had forgotten about between the time I had ordered and when it was delivered.  The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  Both my cocktail and my meal were really good and I would actually consider this to be one of the best meals that I have eaten in a little while.
Love Casbah.  Been going there for years and have never had a less than great meal and service.  OF course their signature lamb is to die for (with the Stag's Leap Petite Syrah).  What can I say -- the cheese plate is great.  Everything is well-prepared and the service is among the best in the -burgh.
Very good food and another great place for happy hour. Highly recommended. You won't be disappointed.
My bf took me here on my birthday and it was so good he totally sealed "the deal."    This was on of the best dining experiences I've had in Pittsburgh...made even sweeter by the fact I left full, and without feeling the boyfriends wallet was just raped.    I had the Orichiette pasta and it was love in a bowl.  Savory and sweet and perfectly balanced.  Boyfriend had short rib ravioli and it was so good that when I asked him if I could have a taste he told me that he loved me, and he knew it was my birthday, and he let me have a bite, but he didn't want to share.  I didn't make him, I just know it was excellent.  I have officially done dat all of the big burrito restaurants & I honestly feel like has bought is the most effortlessly sophisticated of all of them.  This is amazing food in a restaurant that is sophisticated without even trying.  I really feel like has bought is highly underrated and you'd best get your arse over here to dying. They have a brunch which I hear is amazing and I can't wait to try it out.
Casbah is fast becoming my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I have been there twice now and both times the service and food was impeccable.   The calamari and the proscuitto appetizer are a great start to the meal and not too heavy or filling and I could eat a whole basket of the warm bread. I'd love to know where they get it from as I can't imagine they bake it there, but maybe they do!   The pork chop is their signature dish and does not disappoint. My husband had the duck the last time we were there and it was juicy on the inside and had a great crispy skin. I had the red pepper casereccia and was thrilled with the amount of seafood in the dish. There were 4 HUGE, delicious scallops and a ton of lump crab. Very impressive. I was there with a group of 6 this time and everyone had clean plates at the end of the meal.   I like the fact that it seems like the menu changes with the seasons. The proteins may stay static, but since they use a lot of local ingredients, the accompaniments/side dishes might be different every time you come. Honestly, this is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. I plan on trying it for brunch or lunch sometime soon.
Awesome brunch!  We have now made it a tradition to go to Casbah for Easter Brunch. The selection is fabulous and the portions are generous. My husband always gets the creamy polenta and raves about it. The lamb and eggs are perfectly cooked and the tomato bisque was divine. I could live on that soup.   We were disappointed to learn that they took the macaroons off the menu. They were my husband's favorite dessert. We didn't try any of the desserts this time because we were stuffed but I'm sure they're excellent!
I enjoy coming to Casbah because it reminds me of the fresh, local elements I so enjoy about the Napa and Sonoma Valleys. Casbah gets a lot of produce and meats from local farms, and I love that!  I also love the cheese selections here. I usually ask my waiter to surprise me with any combination, and it's always fantastic. I am a sucker for the duck here. It's duck two ways-roasted breast and braised legs. Absolutely delicious. The gnocchi on the side is fantastic. I also like the double cut pork chop with the braised kale, as well as the roasted chicken because the polenta on the side is so yummy.  The wine list is pretty good, and the waiters are generally knowledgable about pairings, which is nice, because sometimes you just want to sit back, relax, and let someone else do the work.  You can't go wrong with any of the pastas. It's sometimes fun to split a pasta as a starter. It's a nice way to try a variety of dishes. The orrechiette is a great choice because it combines the tartness of cranberries with the savory creaminess of goat cheese. Yum!  If you're not absolutely stuffed at this point, try the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding for dessert. You won't be disappointed!
A taste of CA in PA.    We walked in and I would swear I was in Santa Monica or Hermosa  beach.  Great atmosphere- creative menu and delicious food.  The steak was to die for and the pumpkin cheesecake finished it off.    They also have a nice wine list.  The French Chardonnay was quite good!  Thanks for making me feel at home.
My absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi. Just amazing! Service is fantastic, nice decor. I wish they wouldn't use such huge paper towels in the bathroom, but other than that I really like this place.
Casbah was such a great experience. I dined here with my boyfriend and 2 friends for my birthday. Drinks are fairly priced. They offer wine flights and champagne flights. The food was wonderful!  I started with a homemade chicken noodle soup. Didn't expect to see it on the menu here, but it was really good. My party got the tuna tartare, and 2 different olive dishes. Seeing the prices on the menu (all $22+ for entrees) I would have expected a $5 plate of olives to be about 5-6 olives. But it was a bowl full. And they were yummy. For entrees we had the duck breast, which according to my boyfriend is the best and most perfectly cooked duck he's ever had. I had a prosciutto plate, it was technically an app, but it's my birthday and I'll eat what I want! Another member had the cioppino, and she loved it.   We then got their birthday dessert which was a chocolate cake with ganache and brûlée ice cream. It was great.   I couldn't have asked for a better birthday dinner!
Great atmosphere and food experience.  What else can you ask for?  Went here 2 weeks ago for the first time and totally enjoyed it.  Pretty good wine list too!
The rave reviews I'd heard for Casbah were so over the top, I thought it would be impossible to live up to.   Casbah has exceeded it's sky high expectations and made me a believer!  We got the brunch and while the $24 pre-fix menu isn't cheap, it actually felt like a steal because the ambiance, decor, friendly attentive staff, and generous portions of delicious, inventive food were all so fantastic!    The brunch pre-fix included your choice of breakfast cocktails, appetizer, entree, and amazing still steaming home made muffins and mint chocolate scones.  I'm anything but a light eater, and there was so much that I still had to take half my meal home!  We all got different things and there wasn't a single bite of anything that we didn't love.  I particularly recommend the Arugula salad, salmon and dill appetizer, and the scallop and grits entree, though you really can't go wrong.    The decor and music was just as unique, artistic, and beautiful as the rest of the Big Burrito hot spots.  We ate in the basement, with a beautiful fully stocked glass wine cellar, under lit stone tile walls and wooden ceiling trim.  Casbah isn't cheap, but I'd still consider it once of the best values in the city  because you get so much for your money.  I'd trust Casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience.
Dinner Saturday night was excellent. The server was on his game and the chef out did him/her-self. Drinks were perfect, food perfect for all four of us and again service was excellent.
I recently realized that I had only given Casbah four stars after my first visit here for New Year's Eve 2012... What a terrible judgment call that was on my part. So I'm back to proclaim that over a year later - having dined here again in 2013 - with a year of dining experiences across the country -  I still regularly dream of this restaurant. Do I dare say it's my favorite restaurant? I'm not sure, but if it's not my favorite, it's certainly close.  We returned after NYE last year to celebrate my birthday in March, making sure to bring along the oh-so-coveted Big Burrito birthday coupon. I ordered the Orecchiette with Chicken, Cranberries, Goat Cheese & Sage Cream. Oh. My. Goodness. Don't order this if you're on a diet... but order this if you love delicious food and living life to the fullest. It was ridiculously creamy, and the cranberries packed the perfect fruity balance to the rich dish. My husband ordered the Double-Cut Pork Chop with Kale & Butternut Squash Risotto. While recently dining at a highly rated restaurant in NYC, he said, "My double-cut pork chop at Casbah was better than this double-cut pork chop." That's when I knew that I needed to update my review of Casbah.  Finally, my delicious birthday dinner ended with the Dark Chocolate-Raspberry Bread Pudding. I love ordering bread pudding at restaurants, and I think this is the best of them all. I would confidently enter this dessert in a bread pudding competition, knowing that I would be walking away with the blue ribbon.
My favorite local place in Shadyside.  My husband and I go for Friday HH (5-7 pm) every time we can.  Juan is great behind the bar, but Fiona and Joe (I think Joe, maybe his name is John?) are awesome as well.  The HH drinks change seasonally but you can always get your choice liquor mixed drinks also.  For $6/drink you can't beat it!  We typically always get the hummus trio as an appetizer with extra pita bread, or the calamari.  All of the entrees we have had (pork belly, risotto, pork chop) have been perfectly prepared, zero complaints.  It's on a pricey side, so not a weekly dinner option for us (unlike the HH!)  I would say the complimentary valet is a perk, but we live within walking distance so haven't used it.    TIP:  Go to HH on Fridays, ask for Juan, get a Manhattan.  Your QOL will improve greatly!
This was an amazing brunch place! A family friend asked me grab brunch here because her son used to work here as a chef/cook. The food was divine! The brunch comes with a cocktail, an appetizer  and then your meal. The coffee was really good and the mimosas were strong. We sat outside on the patio and it was just beautiful. A perfect retreat from the snowy outside that morning. Definitely go!
This is such a fabulous place.  Regardless of the occasion the food and the service are impeccable.  In Pittsburgh trying to find a restaurant that will fit everyone in your parties needs is difficult - Casbah is the spot.  My family had a birthday party for me here on Sunday.  Casbah was accommodating with a cake, with a loud bunch that constantly changed their order, and were extremely patient.  The food was outstanding, as per usual! I ordered the Elysian lamb which was delicious! Cannot wait to return!
Thursday night January 30. Excellent service and excellent meal. Very crowded when we went. Glad we had reservations on open table. My wife had scallops, I had the signature pork chop. Both were perfect. We loved the octopus appetizer.
For a late lunch my wife and I shared the grilled flatbread, Scottish salmon, pastrami sandwich, and puréed pear and mushroom soup. Creme brûlée after. All food was really good and the soup was a very different flavor for me. Service was great. This is part of the Big Burrito restaurant group, we are definitely going to try some of the  We felt the prices were a bargain for all we got. $56
We dined here for my wife's birthday last year. We started out at the bar ordering cocktails. I had a tasty cocktail with bourbon. We finished our drinks and made out way over to our table. We started out with a cheese tasting, which was very good. For entrees she ordered the Halibut and I had the Red Pepper Casereccia. This was seared sea scollops with a red pepper pasta. This entree made my list of favorite dish ever eaten. It was so delicious. I cannot wait to have it again!
We love this Big Burrito establishment as it matures and becomes a perennial choice to enjoy, no matter the season. It starts with a well-stocked bar area, nicely lit and very comfortable. The indoor dining area is complimented by the (now-covered) outdoor seating area.  Service was mostly attentive, and very friendly throughout the evening. The wine list is varied and reasonably prices, with especially fine after dinner selections.  We started with two appetizers this time out, the Tuna Tartare and the Sheep's Milk Gnudi. The tuna was very clean, served with nicely grilled sourdough. The Gnudi had a great truffle butter and tarragon flavored sauce.  I also had my all-time favorite salad, the Arugula. This masterpiece features homemade pancetta, crimini mushrooms, and goat cheese. We split the Ricotta Cavatelli Pasta, prepared thoughtfully with fennel sausage and spinach.  Dessert was a nice assortment of house prepared sorbets (mixed berry/pineapple/grapefruit).  Valet parking is complimentary; please tip your driver!
One year since my first venture to Casbah, I had the chance to return for a second time. And I have to say that I am officially a die-hard Casbah fan.  Yes, our dinner group quickly racked up a big bill - but it was for a birthday party, and Casbah had kindly sent along a $30 off dinner coupon beforehand. Even better, they went ahead and applied the discount even though we managed to forget to bring the actual card they had sent ahead to us. We had been completely prepared when asking about this to potentially not be able to use that $30 off at our visit, so their understanding alone would have gone a long way in making the meal a good one.  The amazing food just sealed the deal. Between a table of four we all had the chance to order and then a variety of Casbah's current menu - including their scallops, arugula salad, duck, pork and veal meatballs, and a ricotta very similar to what I had ordered the last time I visited. Everything was stupendously delicious - I honestly have no other words for how good this food was - and we all left full and satisfied with no complaints.  Casbah has definitely become a restaurant that I can come to for special events. Their food and service impressed me again tonight even more than they did last time; add in the fact that they use local ingredients whenever possible and always have something new to try with the changing seasons, and I'm completely sold. Here's to the next special occasion and dinner out at Casbah!
I recommend the short rib ravioli! Totally the best thing I've had in a long time.
Excellent prix fixe brunch with impressive service. One of the best brunch deals in Pittsburgh: two courses and a drink for under $30, and their selection has something for everyone.  I love their patio ambiance as well as their basement set-up. Great place to take visitors or for special occasions.  I'm a huge seafood person so the first time I ordered a Bloody Mary with the smoked salmon to start and sea scallop fry as my main.  I'm a fan of their Bloody, it's spicy and flavorful. The smoked salmon was filling enough that it's easy to split and the truffled potato cake served with it melts in your mouth. The sea scallop fry is everything you would expect, almost too much food, but no complaints.  My second trip to Casbah brunch, I went with my old favorite of the smoked salmon but split it with my friend who ordered the cheese plate. Also, I ordered the Braised Lamb & Eggs as my main based on friends' recommendations. It's honestly to die for. Rich and flavorful in the best way, attributed to the tarragon sauce and the slow roasted lamb, and easily their specialty. If you want to order something you can't get anywhere else, order this. It's very filling and rich, especially if you get a filling first course. Have only been here for brunch, and looking forward to trying their lunch/dinner!
I have a soft spot for this place -- probably because it is one of the first restaurants my fiance ever took me to, and he made a special night out of it. We've been back many times, for many occasions, and Casbah has never disappointed. Great wine, cocktails, food, service, and atmosphere. It can be a little more cramped on the inside, but it's never too loud. If you can sit outside, it feels nice and spacious. It's also very nice downstairs.  The valet parking is a huge plus in my book, especially in that area of Shadyside. The service is always prompt and never overbearing.   The last time we went, we had the sheep's milk gnudi and I'm pretty sure it was sent straight from heaven down on to our plate. I nearly fought my fiance for the last piece. He loves me so he let me have it. The swordfish was wonderful. The lamb is always great. The short rib ravioli melts in your mouth. I'd highly recommend any of those.  The dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding is worth unbuttoning your pants for...and if you like dessert wines, you'll be in heaven for sure!
Started with the Cheese Plate then the Octopus then the Duck, finishing with the Chocolate S'More Cake. Great experience especially the service. Robert was spot on! I'll be dreaming about this in the future.
One of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh! Very great food and even greater service. Ask for Robert, he is great! Ashley the bartender is also very nice! The food was amazing. I had the Duck it melted in my mouth. The short rib raviolis are also amazing. The muscle appetizer is a nice size for the price. You get about a pound of muscles for 12$. I will definitely be back. They make you feel special and welcomed.
Better than expected. Great service. Had muscles, red pepper pasta (forget the name) with scallops and lump crab, husband had duck. Everything was cooked perfectly.   Waiter said he lived in many parts of the country and this was the best duck he's ever had and he was right. Only downfall is I didn't save room for s'mores dessert!
This place isn't in my price range but on special occasions the food is actually worth the extra money. I didn't know food could taste so good. :-)
Delicious Sunday brunch at $28 includes a cocktail, appetizer and entree. The food is super fresh, locally grown and they even had peach biscuits.
Best "Babaganoush" we've had since we visited Egypt. The gaspacho soup was fantastic, and since my husband wouldn't share his short rib ravioli, I can only assume they were suburb also.  The atmosphere was a tad basic, but it was also different and therefore interesting and enjoyable.
Best gnudi I have ever eaten! Loved this place, the food is sublime, I even licked clean the small homemade butter that they serve with the bread. Definitely will try out this place again!
The food here was absolute perfection; each bite was perfectly orchestrated to deliver optimal flavor and enjoyment. The service was also fantastic!  For my entree, I had the cioppino -- it may be one of the best that I've ever had. The bowl was filled with beautiful looking seafood: large shrimp, clams in their shells, mussels in their shells, a gorgeous piece of perfectly seasoned halibut, and enormous wonderfully cooked scallops. They knew how to cook each piece of seafood to showcase it well. And the charred sourdough served with the cioppino was the perfect complement to soak up all of the delicious, savory flavors of the broth without becoming a soggy mush! My grandfather had the halibut and loved it... Cleaned the plate!  I had heard rave reviews of the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding, so we had to share one for dessert! My grandfather said it was incomparable to any bread pudding; it was a sweet, smooth, decadent indulgence that paired well with the house coffee.  And the complementary salted caramels presented with the check were also amazing! I definitely need to come back again to try more of the menu... I think only wonderful items could possibly come out of that kitchen!
I took my boyfriend to Casbah at the end of September for his birthday. We were seated near the door for our reservation however it was a very warm night so it was nice to sit in an open air setting. Our server, her name has slipped my mind, was excellent. I am not a fan of red wines but my boyfriend is and it being his birthday, of course I said let's get a bottle of red. We explained to our server what white varietals I enjoy and she suggested a bottle (which has also slipped my mind being months ago that we were there)that was perfect-both of us enjoyed it. We started off with the papardelle. The rabbit was delicious and it was perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked-the flavors were amazing together! For entrees, my boyfriend ordered the duck and I ordered the short rib ravioli. His words to describe the duck were "life changing". I was only able to taste a small piece of his since he ate it so quickly, but I agree it was excellent. The short rib was so tender and juicy. I was concerned it would be overly salty and it was not. It was the best ravioli I have eaten hands down! For dessert, we ordered a cheese tasting. It was the perfect way to end our meal-with the cheese tasting and a glass of wine. I can't wait to go back to Casbah and sample some other items-I would have ordered the entire menu on our first visit if I could have!
Not sure what really needs to be added about this restaurant; it is very very good (my favorite in Pittsburgh) but by far not inexpensive. The best thing you can do, and I am not sure if it has been touched on in previous reviews, is join the Big Burrito group mailing list; you will receive a free coupon for an entrée around your birthday to be used within a certain time period...makes it a really good deal. Oh, their wine menu is ridiculously overpriced...call up to find out their current corking fee (I think around $15 bucks) and bring a better bottle at a better price than you are willing to spend there.
Ah, the Piccolo Gusto Menu for lunch. For $15 choose soup or salad, plus a half sandwich, plus a pasta. You are not limited to a few choices. It is really difficult to come up with a trio because it is all so good. The tomato soup is amazing, but that is just a start. The short rib ravioli is to die for. It is really hard to narrow it down .... Treat yourself to a sumptuous lunch in a beautiful restaurant with great service.  PS: you must have bread!
Let me say that my five stars are based primarily on the calamari appetizer ... it is SOOO good! The squid was very lightly battered and fried so briefly that it was tender and delicious. Seriously, it was one of the best I've eaten, and I've made it a point of sampling calamari. The entrees (short rib ravioli and cavatelli) were very good, too. As for the Carrot Cob for dessert, forget it. It only detracts from the otherwise wonderful meal.
Upon receipt of the much-coveted Big Burrito birthday voucher, I had to make the tough decision about which of their restaurants to visit.  I was torn between Casbah and Eleven, but upon perusing the menus, reading reviews, and giving the matter much thought, I settled on Casbah.  I knew I'd made a good decision when I invited some friends to join me, and they said that, based on their past experience, I'd made an excellent choice!  Our meal started off with a few slices of bread, which came with butter and a Greek yogurt spread.  The butter was good, but the yogurt spread was amazing, and both of them dressed up the bread very well.  We then ordered an appetizer of the bruschetta, which was not your normal bruschetta, but was delicious.  I'm not entirely sure of the ingredients, since what we received doesn't match the menu description posted on the website, but one notable thing about it was that it had some pomegranate seeds that gave it a subtle sweetness and juiciness, complementing the other savory ingredients.  For my entree, I ordered the orecchiette, a dish consisting of ear-shaped pasta tossed in a goat cheese and sage cream sauce, with chicken and dried cranberries.  Flavorwise, this was one of the most well-balanced dishes I've ever eaten, with the savory ingredients and sweet hints from the cranberries (which were actual cranberries, rather than craisins, as I'd imagined) melding together in perfect culinary harmony.  The pasta was also cooked to a perfect al dente firmness, which held up well in the microwave several days later when I ate the leftovers.  The cranberry-lime dry soda that I ordered to go with this entree complemented it very nicely, and was a great alternative to wine (while I was tempted, I didn't order any since my dining companions decided not to, due to having driven).  My two dining companions ordered the Scottish salmon and the gnocchi, respectively.  Based on the samples that they provided me, Casbah did a great job on these dishes, as well!  The salmon had a subtle saltiness that complemented the flavor nicely, without overpowering it.  My friend who ordered it had had it before at Casbah, but had since been to Scotland, and he said that it was very similar in quality and taste to the versions of this dish that he'd tried there.  The gnocchi was one of the most unique and varied dishes I've encountered, and, based on the two bites that I tried, brought the ingredients together in a medley of flavors and textures.  I think my friend who ordered it described it best by saying that every bite was a bit different, but that they were all delicious!  Although all of us tried bites of each other's dishes, we each liked our own choice best, so we chose well.  After our entrees, we decided to order dessert.  Although I was tempted by the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding, since many reviewers speak highly of it, I decided to follow my instinct and get the chocolate-hazelnut bomba.  I'm so glad that I did, since this dessert was amazing!  If you like dark chocolatey, torte-like desserts or Nutella, this dessert is a must-try. Since I mentioned I was at Casbah for a birthday dinner, the dessert was served with "Happy birthday" written on the plate in chocolate icing, which was a nice touch.  My dining partners ordered the creme brulee to split between themselves, which came topped with an apple compote.  Based on the bite that I tried, it was a good rendition of a brulee, but couldn't match the star power of the chocolate bomba.  We visited at 7:30pm last Sun., at the later end of their serving hours, but service from our waiter, Brian, was very good.  We were seated in the tent-like area in the front of the restaurant, which stayed surprisingly warm during most of our visit.  At one point before dessert, upon returning from the restroom, I noticed that it'd cooled off, but the manager came out to turn on the heating elements, and it warmed back up in less than 10 min.  In sum, if you're looking for a solid fine dining experience with innovative, delicious food, Casbah is a great choice.  The food was impressive in its quality, and the service was what I've come to expect at a higher-end restaurant.  I'd particularly recommend getting on the Big Burrito mailing list to receive a $30 birthday voucher and $10 off coupons for the holidays, and taking advantage of one of these occasions to try it.  I'm certain that you'll be as pleased with your experience there as me and my dining partners!
Casbah continues to be my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant. High quality service and creative dishes. Sign up for mailers for Big Burrito special offers and birthday discount.    Must try: Calamari Cheese plate Short Rib Ravioli Pork Chop Watermelon Gin Fizz
Great place for so many occasions. My husband took me on our first date here for a very intimate night out (I definitely was impressed).  He took me back for a surprise birthday party in their downstairs area. The food is always out of this world. I have said to my self on multiple occasions (while reading the menu) "i'm not sure what some of these ingredients are but Casbah never disappoints" and they never have!! I can't wait to live in Pittsburgh again, this is my first stop.
I don't know of any place that comes to close to the quality of Mediterranean food offered at Casbah.  They have a daily menu that combines unique ingredients into a great blend.  My favorites on their menu are their spinach casareccia (which I customize with tuna steak instead of chicken) and their gnocchi (in that order).  They are open to customizing their menu so if you want half and half of each dish, they are happy to do that for you.  That is a huge plus for me.  They are safely my favorite Big Burrito restaurant
I am a huge fan of almost all things Big Burrito and Casbah is no exception.  I have been to Casbah so many times over the years that the visits all meld together, but on this particularly occasion I had the arugula salad to begin with which was delicious and my friend had the butternut squash soup which she really enjoyed.  We both ordered the the Scottish Salmon which was so delicious and tender that it literally melted in my mouth.  The house-made pastas are always a great option if as is the duck or the lamb which I've had both on a few occasions.  Their wine list is always spectacular - on this visit I had a glass of the Riesling from Urban, Germany and my friend had a glass of Pinot Grigio from Lenotti, Italy.  We had no room for dessert on this visit, but any of their desserts that have the Meyer lemons is always a hit and I am a die-hard chocolate fan and I will forgo chocolate for one of their delicious meyer lemon dessert creations.  I haven't been to Casbah for brunch in quite some time, but after having gone to Eleven recently for brunch, I'm keen to try Casbah for brunch again soon.
This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh; I've never been disappointed after dining at Casbah! We received a gift card and enjoyed a fabulous dinner starting with the mussels appetizer in a tomato based sauce.  Yum!  And then I had lamb loin with sweet potatoes and brussel spouts and cherry sauce.  What a beautiful presentation and taste.  My husband had the pasta with scallops and crabmeat.  He was equally pleased with his dish. We really liked the wine selection too!  We had cappuccino for our dessert, and it was the perfect ending to the meal.  We'll definitely be back!
Casbah is one of my favorite spots for an after-work drink or a romantic meal. The lighting and decor are very calming and inviting. The menu is refined Mediterranean with some modern twists. The waitstaff is attentive, timely, and always takes care of my food allergies. I always order sea bass or some sort of fish here, because they sear it to perfection. The chef actually made up their own side for my dish because I was allergic to the one on the menu. I received delicious crispy potatoes and sauteed arugula. Fantastic touch! They have a great wine list, as well. I would recommend Casbah to pretty much anyone, but it is especially nice for a one-on-one meal or a drink at the bar.
This past Sunday my girlfriends and I decided we would do a post-Valentines brunch at Casbah, and it was just what we were looking for. They have a deal where you get a brunch cocktail, appetizer, and entree for only $28. This was a great deal in my opinion. The food was delicious. I had the smoked salmon appetizer and the sea scallop entree. The scallops were perfectly prepared, not chewy or gummy. They were accompanied with sweet potatoes and onions and usually sausage- I asked the waiter for no sausage as I'm not a meat eater. All in all a great experience and we will definitely be back!
My introduction as a youth (dating back AWAYS) to gourmet and class.  15 years later, still delivers the goods.  Cheers!
I like this place. It's 5 min walk from my home to Casbah and now we're finally here. The place looks really Greekish and I like the fake candle on the table :) Our waitress is really nice and friendly and seems to have a brightening personality, which is enjoyable. We ordered a bottle Project Paso and it goes perfectly well w the entree. For apps, we had sheep's milk gnudi. It is super tasty and I like the lobster and the lemon sauce together. We had the famous pork chop and the Long Island duck for entree. Both are really good. The duck has the fatty juicy leg separated from the thin nice part, which is really thoughtful and help boost the flavor. The pork is not bad either. But the texture of the meat is a little too dry for my liking. If not for the sauce and the braised kale, the dish would be disappointing. Then came out desserts: the vanilla bean creme brûlée and the chocolate de creme. Omg I can't even find a word to describe how good they are! The creme brûlée is so much better than the one I had in Joseph Temberllini. I am totally blown away by the rich taste of vanilla and eggs. The chocolate de creme is perfect, too. The texture is between ice creme and fudge, really nice and smooth. My friend said that she could have another two of this. In general, Casbah is a nice restaurant with great food and thoughtful service, 5 stars!
Had my first dinner there last evening.  Excellent service, very attentive and pleasant.The bread came warm with sea salt butter served and another spread both were delicious.  I ordered the lamb loin and it was outstanding.  Just the right portion size, the potatoes were beyond delicious.  I don't normally have desert but I ordered a chocolate raspberry bread pudding that was also wonderful.  I could only eat half so I took the rest home.   Bar was very nice and seats comfortable and the atmosphere was casual too formal.  Nice warm environment.    I'm new to the area and have found parking a challenge, but what city doesn't have that problem, but the Casbah has valet parking - nice.
I've been to Casbah several times now and each dinner experience has been even better than the last. I have tried several pastas, seafood, and meat dishes and not a single one has ever disappointed.  The aspect of Casbah that I feel sets it apart from even the other Big Burrito restaurants is its quality of service.  They are extremely polite, knowledgeable, and hard-working!
Fantastic food, fresh locally sourced, great service. Had the gnoodi and it was to die for. Ramps, morels, English peas- omg! At the table we had the salmon, braised short rib ravioli and pappardelle - all fantastic. Would come back again if in the area!
Quick business trip to Pittsburgh. Thanks to you Yelp I found Casbah. Duck entree was to die for. Service is top quality. Highly recommended! Thanks Yelp! Thanks Casbah!
